
1
This child is holding an acorn. 
An acorn is the seed of an oak tree. Every tree starts its life as a tiny seed.
2
    
A tree nursery is a place where people grow trees. 
Soon, this seed being planted will sprout. People at the nursery will help the 
sprout grow into a sapling to be replanted.
3
Trees grown at a nursery can be planted in many different places, including 
state trust lands, parks, school grounds, and around our homes.
4
    
We celebrate Arbor Day, the tree planter’s holiday, during the spring. 
The Washington State Arbor Day is always celebrated on the second 
Wednesday in April.
5
There are many types of trees to plant—from ponderosa pine to Garry oak. 
Be sure to choose a type of tree that will grow well in the place you plant it.   
Trees that grow big need wide-open spaces. Trees that grow to smaller sizes 
can be planted in smaller spaces, such as those near streets and sidewalks.
6
    
All trees need water, soil, and sunlight. Some trees need mulch or pruning. 
We can help trees stay healthy and strong by taking care of them.
7
Many creatures need trees for food and shelter . 
Animals eat leaves, fruits, and seeds. They also make homes in hollow trees 
or logs. Trees keep water clean and cool for salmon and other fish.
8
    
Trees can do lots of good things.
They help clean our air and water, keep us cool in the summer, and provide 
us with food and lumber to build homes. People need trees.
9
The trees you plant today are small, but they will grow a little bigger each 
year . When your tree grows up to be big, you might be a teacher, a doctor, a 
scientist, or a forester . We can all be tree planters and teach each other how 
to plant and care for trees.
10

This coloring book depicts a central intersection: people need 
trees and trees need people. 
Trees support, protect, and uplift us and so we owe them our care, 
protection, and attention. 
The Washington State Department of Natural Resources Urban 
and Community Forestry Program (UCF) works to educate 
citizens and decision-makers about the economic, environmental, 
psychological and aesthetic benefits of trees and to assist local 
governments, citizen groups and volunteers in planting and 
sustaining healthy trees and vegetation wherever people live, work 
and play in Washington state. 
Our mission is to provide leadership to create self-sustaining 
urban and community forestry programs that preserve, plant and 
manage forests and trees for public benefits and quality of life. 
We hope you share this coloring book with budding tree advocates 
in your own community and that you are inspired to help protect, 
enhance and expand urban forests across Washington. 
 
Sign up for the Tree Link Newsletter 
dnrtreelink.wordpress.com 
to learn up-to-date information on the UCF Program.
Design by Qing He / Washington State Department of Natural Resources Intern
ABOUT THE BOOK
dnr.wa.gov
 This coloring book was produced by Washington State 
Department of Natural Resources.
JOIN US ONLINE