=== PAGE 1 ===
of EOLfo 'oc. 1 s90 Originator: Department/Division: Name of Consultant/Contractor: CONTRACT TITLE: No. CONTRACT ROUTING FORM Z O z o O O O z z David Rhode Information Technology Routed by: Date: Snohomish County Department of Information Technology Information Technology Services O (GR) Grants Type of Contract: (S) Purchase of Services Project/Bid/RFP No: 20210127 Effective Date: 01/27/2021 O (l) Intergovernmental Agreement (W) Public Works 20210127 (City Clerk Use only) David Rhode 01/27/2021 O (L) Lease Agreement (0) Other Completion Date: 01/27/2026 Has the original contract boilerplate language been modified? If yes, specify which sections have been modified: Description of Services: Total Amount of Contract: Budget # Budget # Budget # Amount: Amount: Amount: Yes Budget # Budget # Budget # No No Amount: Amount: Amount: Are there sufficient funds in the current budget to cover this contract? Remarks: Authorization Level: 1. Project Manager 2. Risk Management/Budget 3. City Attorney 4. Consultant/Contractor 5. Other Yes Ü 6. City Council Approval Date (if applicable) 7. Mayor 8. City Clerk

=== PAGE 2 ===
COUNTY DEPARTMENT: CONTACT PERSON: ADDRESS: TELEPHONE/EMAIL: PUBLIC AGENCY: AGENCY CONTACT PERSON: ADDRESS: TELEPHONE/EMAIL: PROJECT: AMOUNT: FUND SOURCE: CONTRACT DURATION: Department of Information Technology Viggo Forde, Director 3000 Rockefeller Ave. Everett, WA 98201 (425) 388-3703 /viggo.forde@snoco.org City of Edmonds Brian Tuley, Information Systems Supervisor 121 5th Avenue North Edmonds, WA 98020 425-771-0219 / Brian.Tuley@Edmondswa.gov Information Technology Services As specified in Supplemental Work Orders Not to exceed $50,000 for the five (5) year life of the Agreement City of Edmonds Five (5) Years from date of Contract Execution INTERLOCAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE CITY OF EDMONDS AND SNOHOMISH COUNTY TO PROVIDE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES THIS AGREEMENT is entered into by and between SNOHOMISH COUNTY, a political subdivision of the State of Washington, through its Department of Information Technology (hereinafter "County" or "SCDOIT") and the CITY OF EDMONDS (hereinafter "Edmonds"), for the purpose of SCDOIT providing information technology services to Edmonds. WHEREAS, this Agreement is made pursuant to the authority granted by Chapter 39.34 RCW, the Interlocal Cooperation Act; and Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page I

=== PAGE 3 ===
WHEREAS Chapter 2.350 of the Snohomish County Code (SCC) provides for SCDOIT to provide information services, information processing, proprietary software and purchased services to public agencies and cash-on-delivery customers; and WHEREAS Edmonds is a "public agency" as that term is defined in SCC 2.350.020(13) and RCW 39.34.020•, and WHEREAS, Edmonds requires information technology services, which may include maintenance and support, assistance in the planning, management, control, operation, and use of information services, network, telecommunications, information processing, equipment, purchased services and proprietary software; NOW, THEREFORE, and in consideration of the respective agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the County and Edmonds agree as follows: 1. Scope of Information Technology Services: a. The County will provide information technology goods and information processing services according to Supplemental Work Order (SWO). Each SWO shall be executed by the County Executive, or his designee, and an authorized agent for Edmonds, and subject to the general terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each SWO will include a description of the specific services to be provided, the term, and the costs of such service from quotation or from the published rate or fee schedule, and any other terms or conditions applicable to that service. The scope of information technology goods and information services to be provided are limited to the following: A. Assisting in the planning, management, control, operation and use of integrated city, jurisdictional, government and County networks, telecommunications, information processing, systems and equipment required by Edmonds; Providing ISP (Internet Service Provider) services. B. Administration of yet to be identified centralized support systems and services for Edmonds where they generally promote more efficient management and utilization of such services. Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 2

=== PAGE 4 ===
2. 3. 4. 5. C. Provide Orthoimagery through Snohomish County's agreement with EagleView (Pictometry International Corp.). D. Other functions as may be mutually agreeable. Contract Maximum. All Supplemental Work Orders executed under this ILA shall not exceed an aggregate total of $50,000. TREATMENT OF ASSETS. COMPUTER APPLICATION PROGRAMS AND OTHER SOFTWARE SYSTEMS FURNISHED TO Edmonds BY THE COUNTY ARE FURNISHED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING USE OR RESULTS INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, UNLESS INDICATED IN AN SWO FOR SERVICE. Title to all property furnished by the County shall remain in the County. Title to all property purchased by Edmonds for which Edmonds is not reimbursed by the County shall remain in Edmonds. Title to all property purchased by Edmonds for which Edmonds is reimbursed by the County and is used as a component of services provided under this Agreement shall pass to and vest in the County upon completion, termination, or cancellation of the relevant SWO or this Agreement. Any property of the County furnished to Edmonds shall, unless otherwise provided in this contract, or approved by the County, be used only for the performance of this Agreement or a SWO. Edmonds shall be responsible for any loss or damage to County property that County furnishes to Edmonds. If County property is lost, destroyed, or damaged, Edmonds shall immediately notify the County and shall take all reasonable steps to protect the property from further damage. Surrender of Property. Edmonds shall surrender to County all property of County upon completion, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement. Conversely, County shall surrender to Edmonds all property of Edmonds upon completion, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement. Time of Performance. Pursuant to RCW 39.34.040 this Agreement shall become effective Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 3

=== PAGE 5 ===
6. 7. upon signature by both parties and either (a) listing of the Agreement by subject on either party "s web site or (b) recording of the Agreement with the Snohomish County Auditor. The Agreement shall remain in force for a period up to five (5) years, unless terminated earlier by either party upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party. Compensation: Edmonds may request an estimate or quotation of cost for proposed information technology goods or information processing services from County. Specific agreements addressing costs, term, schedules, and other factors will be described in an associated SWO developed from initial estimates or quotations. Edmonds will pay County for services provided hereunder and as set out in SWOs. Charges for information technology, goods and information processing services under this Agreement shall be based on the current published rate or fee schedule of the County in effect on the date of execution of this Agreement, unless the specific quotation described in the SWO provides otherwise. Unless the SWO provides for a fixed rate or a different methodology to change a specific rate and/or fee, Rate and Fee schedules are subject to change at the discretion of the County and shall be effective ninety (90) days after written notice of change is provided to the Edmonds, postage paid in the US mail. The County will submit an invoice or advice of charge to Edmonds annually for the service fees, or as defined in a SWO, detailing charges for services rendered. Payment is due in full upon receipt ofthe invoice by Edmonds and becomes delinquent thirty (30) days thereafter. A late payment fee may be applied to any remaining balance sixty (60) days after receipt of invoice. Late payment charges, if any, will be imposed on the unpaid balance at a rate of one percent (1 %) per month. Invoices related to SWOS with balances more than ninety (90) days past due is cause for the termination ofa SWO. Amounts disputed by Edmonds under Section 7 of this Agreement are not subject to late payment charges. Obligations of Edmonds are as follows: As to all new Edmonds acquisitions of any information technology equipment, software or systems to be serviced under this Agreement, Edmonds shall undertake such acquisitions in accordance with guidelines, standards or procedures established by SCDOIT and shall secure written concurrence for any such Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 4

=== PAGE 6 ===
8. 9. procurement from the County Executive or his/her designee. Edmonds shall make payment to County of all submitted invoices or advices of charge pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Mutual Covenants: Edmonds will promptly notify the County in writing of issues regarding invoices, or of services which Edmonds believes do not conform with the agreed upon terms of this Agreement and/or SWO, within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or performance of services, whichever occurs later. Failure to give written notice within thirty (30) days after receipt of invoice or performance of services constitutes waiver of any objection to services or invoices. The parties shall attempt to resolve any issues arising under this Agreement and/ or any applicable SWO through negotiation. If that fails, the parties will seek to resolve disputes through the aid of a mutually semed, independent third party. This Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment executed with the same formalities as are required for execution of this Agreement. Both parties understand the County retains discretion regarding the operation and allocation of the aggregate information processing capacity at its disposal, including the capacity covered by this Agreement. County agrees to allocate sufficient capacity to meet the existing processing requirements of Edmonds. Countv Review and Approval: Upon submittal of any request to execute a SWO or to perform optional services under any executed SWO, the County may, following review by the SCDOIT, agree to perform such work or reject it, or request such modification or additions as it deems appropriate. At the outset of performance of each SWO, or during performance of the SWO to the extent the same is modified by the Parties, the County will either accept or reject Edmonds systems and services as listed in the SWO. The County will not invoice Edmonds until the County has accepted service and/or system delivery responsibility. Edmonds is not required to pay for services or systems until the County accepts delivery responsibility for those services and/or systems. Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 5

=== PAGE 7 ===
10. Access to Books/Records: Each Party may, at reasonable times, and upon prior notification inspect the records of the other party relating to performance of this Agreement. County and Edmonds shall keep all records required by this Agreement in accordance with statutory archival requirements. 11. Indemnification and Hold Harmless: Subject to the liability limitation stated in Section 12 of this Agreement, Edmonds shall hold harmless, indemnify, and defend, at its own expense, Snohomish County, its elected and appointed officials, officers, employees and agents, from any loss or claim for damages of any nature whatsoever, arising out of Edmonds's performance of this Agreement, including claims by Edmonds's employees or third parties, except for those losses or claims for damages solely caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the County, its elected and appointed officials, officers, employees or agents. Subject to the liability limitations stated in Section 12 of this Agreement, County shall hold harmless, indemnify, and defend, at its own expense Edmonds, its elected and appointed officials, officers, employees and agents, from any loss or claim for damages of any nature whatsoever, arising out of County's performance of this Agreement, including claims by County employees or third parties, except for those losses or claims for damages solely caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Edmonds, its elected and appointed officials, officers, employees or agents. Subject to the liability limitations stated in Section 12 of this Agreement, in the event of liability for damages of any nature whatsoever arising out of the performance of this Agreement by Edmonds and County, including claims by Edmonds's and County's own officers, officials, employees, agents, volunteers, or third parties, caused by or resulting from the concurrent negligence of Edmonds and the County, their offic€rs, officials, employees, agents and volunteers, each party's liability hereunder shall only be to the extent of that party's negligence. 12. Limitation of Liability: In no event will County or Edmonds be liable for any special, consequential, indirect, punitive or incidental damages, including but not limited to loss of data, loss of revenue, or loss of profits, arising out of or in connection with the performance Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 6

=== PAGE 8 ===
13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. of the County or Edmonds under this Agreement or any SWO hereunder, even if the County or-Edmonds has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Compliance with Laws: The County and Edmonds shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, and regulations in performing this Agreement. Edmonds will comply with SCDOIT procedures and policies related to technology management and use of applicable County systems, applications and services. Non-assignment: The County and Edmonds shall not assign any of the rights, duties, or obligations covered by this Agreement without the prior express written request and consent of the other party. Conflicts between Attachments and Text: Should any conflicts exist between any attached exhibit or SWO and the text of this Agreement, the text of this Agreement shall prevail. Interlocal Cooperation Act (Chapter 39.34 RCW): The purpose of this Agreement is to allow the County to provide a variety of information technology services to Edmonds as needed over a five (5) year term. SWOS will be executed by both parties as necessary and will describe the services to be provided and their associated costs. The parties agree that no separate legal or administrative entities are necessary to carry out this Agreement. The parties agree that it is not necessary to appoint an administrator or joint board to oversee the implementation of this Agreement. However, should a court of competent jurisdiction deem such an administrator or joint board necessary for purposes of the Interlocal Cooperation Act, Ch. 39.34 RCW, an administrator or joint board will be established by mutual agreement of the parties. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, any real or personal property used or acquired by either party in connection with the performance of this Agreement will remain the sole property of such party, and the other party shall have no interest therein. Governing Law and Venue: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington and any lawsuit regarding this contract must be brought in Snohomish County Superior Court, Washington. Severability: Should any clause, phrase, sentence or paragraph of this Agreement be declared Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 7

=== PAGE 9 ===
19. 20. invalid or void, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Recording: The parties may file this Agreement with the Snohomish County Auditor pursuant to RCW 39.34.040 or list the Agreement by subject on either party's web site. No Separate Legal Entity: To accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, the parties do not create a separate legal entity nor do the parties form a joint board. "County" SNOHOMISH COUNTY By: County Executive Ken Klein 2021.03.05 06:47:41 -08'00' Date Approved as to Form Only: /s/ Rebecca E. Wendling 10/15/2020 Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Date Approved as to indemnification provisions: Digitally signed by Sheila Barker Sheila Barker Date: 2021.02.01 08:08:39 "Edmonds" CITY OF EDMONDS Title: City of Edmonds Attorney e cjq-o( Date I-ZSez.d Date //Z7/øø21 -0800' Risk Management COUNCIL USE ONLY Date Approved Doc File 3/3/2021 D-3 Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 8

=== PAGE 10 ===
Recommended for Approval: Viggo Forde, Director Date Snohomish County Department of Information Technology Interlocal Agreement between Snohomish County and the City of Edmonds Page 9

=== PAGE 11 ===
Exhibit A - Supplemental Work Order (SWO 20-01) Network, Internet & GIS Support Services This Supplemental Work Order (SWO) is executed between Snohomish County, through its Department of Information Technology (the "County" or "SCDOIT") and City of Edmonds ("Edmonds" or "City of Edmonds") pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Interlocal Agreement ("ILA") between Edmonds and Snohomish County to Provide Information Services dated as of 20 . The parties acknowledge that they have read and understand the terms and conditions therein. All rights and obligations of the parties shall be subject to and governed by the terms of the ILA. This SWO sets forth the obligations of the parties with respect to SCDOIT's provision of information services to Edmonds. This SWO also serves as the Service Level Agreement, (See Section 6 Service Level and Designated Points of Contact and Escalation Points of this SWO) between Edmonds and SCDOIT. 1. Purpose: The purpose of this SWO is for SCDOIT to provide to Edmonds information services as specified in Appendix A. 2. Scope of Work: The specific services covered by this SWO includes the "Primary" items listed in Appendix A — Services Listing and any item directly "associated" with the Primary items after acceptance by SCDOIT. 3. Term and Termination: The term of this SWO is effective upon the date of execution by both parties for five years unless terminated upon written notification to the other party. Either party may terminate this SWO upon ninety (90) day's written notification to the other party. In the event the ILA is terminated, this SWO shall also terminate on the ILA termination date. 4. Prohibited Use of Services: a. Edmonds shall not use any Service in a manner that Snohomish County reasonably determines may adversely affect Snohomish County systems, Snohomish County customers, the integrity and operations of Snohomish County's business, or Snohomish County's ability to provide services to Snohomish County customers. b. By executing this SOW, Edmonds acknowledges and agrees that Snohomish County may monitor any activity and content associated with the use of the Services. Snohomish County may cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation related to the use of a Snohomish County Service and investigate any complaint or reported violation of law or Snohomish County policy. Snohomish County may take action in response to requests Snohomish County reasonably deems to be legally enforceable. Action may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, suspension, or termination of a Service; removal of materials on a Snohomish County-hosted web site; or disclosure of information agencies, such as user contact details, IP addressing and traffic information, usage history, posted content, to law enforcement . Page 1 of 11

=== PAGE 12 ===
5. Resale of Snohomish County Services: Edmonds shall not resell or provide free of charge any Service to any third party without first entering into a Contract for Service with Snohomish County that permits these activities. 6. Service Levels and Designated Points of Contact and Escalation Points: SCDOIT's designated point of contact for Edmonds to request Support Services, contact Service personnel, request problem status updates, and receive problem resolutions is via the SCDOIT Help Desk at (425) 388-3378, Monday — Friday, 8:00 a.m. — 5:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Schedule is subject to change by written notice from SCDOIT. SCDOIT Contacts and Escalation Points: Service Desk Systems and Network Engineering Supervisor GIS Supervisor Customer & Workstation Supervisor Systems Manager Deputy Director Director 425-388-3378 425-388-7171 425-262-2150 425-388-3899 425-388-3998 425-388-3022 425-388-3739 Edmonds's designated point of contact for SCDOIT to send invoices, problem-solve and otherwise conduct business shall be: Edmonds Primary Contacts: Edmonds GIS Contacts: Edmonds Billing Contacts Brian Tuley, Information Systems Supervisor 425-771-0219 Brian.Tuley@edmondswa.gov David Rohde, GIS Analyst 425-275-4705 David.rohde@edmondswa.gov Nori Jacobson Nori.jacobson@edmondswa.gov Page 2 of 11

=== PAGE 13 ===
Service Level Response Table Response Level Emergency Response Priority Problem Response Routine Response Condition Network outage, multi- user outage/ critical event, or when Edmonds is unable to conduct business. Network is impaired, Edmonds is still able to conduct business, but no practical workaround exists. User is inconvenienced, or non-mission-critical application is impaired. Practical workaround exists. Response Time 2 hours 3 Hours 3 Days Escalation Path SCDOIT's assigned primary response contact will make contact within one (l) hour of receiving notification from either the Help Desk or Management. If contact is not made within h hour the call receiver will contact the secondary support contact. If still unable to contact, the appropriate supervisor will be contacted- The assigned response contact will schedule network operations access as necess SCDOIT's primary response contact will make contact with Edmonds's designated primary contact. If contact is not made within three (3) hours, the call receiver will contact the designated secondary contact. If still unable to contact, the appropriate supervisor will be contacted. The assigned response contact will schedule network o erations access as necess SCDOIT's primary response contact will respond to this category of call when all other service requests of higher priority have been answered. Every effort will be made to respond within three (3) business days. This category of call includes but is not limited to: training issues, minor operational issues, and minor system inconveniences. 7. 8. 9. Payment for Services: The County will invoice Edmonds for the Services per Section 5, Compensation, of the Interlocal Agreement (ILA). Edmonds will be billed in full for Services rendered up to and including the date the County receives Edmonds's cancellation or change request. Declined Equipment: No equipment is provided by this SWO. All equipment maintenance is the responsibility of the City of Edmonds. Pricing and Service Fees: The pricing and fee schedule for services provided by SCDOIT are outlined in Appendix A of this SWO. 10. Modifications / Changes: Services may be modified at any time upon mutual written agreement of the parties. Modifications which remain within the ILA Contract Maximum will be made through the issuance ofa new SWO, which will take precedence over the original SWO. 11. Assignment: Neither party shall assign any of the rights, duties, or obligations covered by this SWO without the prior express written request and consent of each party. 12. Notices: Notices and other communications between Snohomish County and Edmonds where delivery is not otherwise specified in the ILA may be delivered by electronic mail. Communications related to the ILA may be directed to Snohomish County Department of Information Technology at: DIS.Admin@snoco.org. Edmonds shall provide Snohomish County with a valid email address to be used by the County for communications for the ILA and shall update that address as needed. The County shall fulfill its obligations under the ILA providing Edmonds with notice at the email address most recently provided to the County by Edmonds for use in providing notices pursuant to the ILA. Page 3 of 11

=== PAGE 14 ===
13. Responsibilities: a. SCDOIT Responsibilities: i. ii. iii. iv. v. vi. vii. viii. Provide Edmonds's fiber vendor a termination point for a single pair of single mode fiber. Provide Edmonds one (1) unit of rack space and UPS power in SCDOIT's Data Center for an ethernet switch. Provide path for fiber or single mode fiber between termination point and Edmonds's equipment. Configure, maintain, provide warranty and repair all County-owned equipment and transports SCDOIT takes no ownership regarding the repair of Edmonds-owned equipment. IT Service Desk (425-388-3378) will serve as initial point of contact for suspected problems or to request Data Center access. I. In the event SCDOIT determines a request for assistance is outside the scope of this SWO, SCDOIT will work with the Edmonds to develop and recommend approaches to meet Edmonds requirements. SCDOIT will provide escorted access to the Network Operations Center (NOC) between the hours of 8:00 am and 5:00 pm PST, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. Access to Network Operations Center after hours or on Sundays will result in a minimum three (3) hour charge at one hundred dollars ($ 100.00) per hour. An additional $200.00 per-incident will be charged as a flat fee for each after-hours incident management/access and response in excess of 12 hours. Contact 425-388-3378 for access to the facility. Upon completion of the 2020, 2022 and 2024 EagleView regional aerial imagery acquisition projects and receipt of imagery by County, County will provide Edmonds with orthogonal imagery for Edmonds's identified area of interest, which includes aerial imagery within the Edmonds city limits and additional surrounding area. County will deliver Orthogonal imagery tiles via a hard drive or F TP. County will also provide to Edmonds up to ten (10) EagleView CONNECTExplorer accounts based on staff names and emails provided by the City. In order to obtain the CONNECTExplorer accounts and the orthogonal imagery, Edmonds shall execute an Authorized Subdivision Agreement with EagleView in substantially the same form as Appendix B to Exhibit A, and submit the Subdivision Agreement to the County for processing. County will assign and activate the CONNECTExplorer accounts for Edmonds and provide orthogonal imagery upon receipt of a fully executed Authorized Subdivision Agreement between Edmonds and EagleView. b. City of Edmonds Responsibilities: i. Provide fiber connectivity between Edmonds and Snohomish County data facilities. ii. Provide Ethernet Switching equipment for one (l) unit of rack space within County Data Center. iii. Provide maintenance of Ethernet Switching equipment. Page 4 of 11

=== PAGE 15 ===
iv. Configure, maintain, provide warranty and repair of all Edmonds-owned equipment and transports. v. Provide to County a fully executed Subdivision Agreement between Edmonds and EagleView. 14. Scheduled Maintenance: Each Saturday between 7:00 am and 12:00 pm and Wednesday between 5:30 pm and Midnight PST are Snohomish County's regularly scheduled maintenance windows. Regular maintenance is essential to overall network health. If maintenance that will disrupt contracted services is scheduled by Snohomish County, the County will notify Edmonds two (2) business days prior to the scheduled action. 15. SWO Management: Unless otherwise indicated, all correspondence regarding this SWO should be directed to: Edmonds Primary Contact: SCDOIT Primary Contact: SCDOIT Primary Contact: GIS Support Services Brian Tuley, Information Systems Supervisor City of Edmonds 121 5th Avenue North Edmonds, WA 98020 425-771-0219/Brian.tuley@edmondswa.gov JD Braathen, Systems and Network Engineering Supervisor Snohomish County Dept. of Information Technology 3000 Rockefeller Avenue, M/S 709 Everett, WA 98201 (425) 388-7171 Ed Whitford, GIS & Data Supervisor Snohomish County Department of Information Technology 3000 Rockefeller Avenue, WS 709 Everett, WA 98201 (425) 262-2150 Signature Page Follows Page 5 of 11

=== PAGE 16 ===
By their signatures, County and Edmonds hereby acknowledge and accept the terms and conditions of this SWO. Approved City of Edmonds Sig re Print or Type Name Title 1.8-2 ( Date Approved Snohomish County Ken Klein 2021.03.05 Snohomish County Executive Print or Type Name Title Date Page 6 of 11

=== PAGE 17 ===
Appendix A to Exhibit A SWO City of Edmonds Services List and Summary of Annual Costs SCDOIT will provide the following Services at the prepaid support rate identified below. Note: Access during normal business hours will be covered under the Network Equipment Hosting service. Network Services: Services Network Equipment Hosting 1 Rack Unit Space, first 4 cross connects Administrative fees 5% Optional Support Services: Services Additional Cross Connects Administrative fees 5% Function and Identification Connectivity/ Equipment Hosting 2020 Rates Activation Date 01/01/2009 Charge Each Totals: Datc of Qty Activation 1/1/2009 Monthly Char e $50.00 $2.50 S52.50 Owner Function and Identification Cross Connects LOC SCDIS Annual Cha e $600.00 S30.oo $630.00 Annual charge Monthly Charge $25.00 $1.25 Internet usage to be reviewed quarterly and Edmonds will be billed on the 95th percentile. SCDOIT uses RRDtool to graphically represent the customer's bandwidth and billing operations data on a monthly recurring basis. Bandwidth data is measured from the customer's activated network interface port on SCDOIT internet colocation, gateway switch, and recorded in a log file every 1 minute. At the end of each month, the samples are sorted from highest to lowest, and the top 5% of bandwidth utilization data is discarded. The next highest measurement (95th percent) becomes the billable utilization for the month. These graphs will be made available upon customer request. See example chart below: Page 7 of 11

=== PAGE 18 ===
Cacti Reporting Report Comjnunity Transit Monthly Report 8) Traffic Community Trars•t 300 Y 200" Pro. 2019/03/03 00' 08t27 ro 00:08 •t r Inbound Cur • 283.73 9Seig Percent: Copyright 2004.201 S The CaetiGf0up GIS Support Services: Services Imagery Administrative Fee 5% Function and Identification Imagery Data Qty (sq. Rate m iles) $300/ 22 s .mile Product 3" AccuPlus Totals: Per acquisition char e $6,600.00 $330.00 $6,930.00 Annual charge $3,300.00 $165.00 $3,465.00 Imagery Sharing — EagleView Regional Aerial Imagery 2020 Imagery Program Rates EagleView (Pictometry) Product 3 Inch AccuPlus 9 Inch AccuPlus Page 8 of 11 Square Mile Cost $300 $60

=== PAGE 19 ===
Appendix B to Exhibit A Authorized Subdivision User Agreement Page 9 of 11

=== PAGE 20 ===
2! eaglevlew Authorized Subdivision User Agreement Authorized Subdivision Information: Name: Address: Email: Phone: Pictometry Licensed Projects: @ mon Wm O O 1--11 - l. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. This Pictometry Authorized Subdivision Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into by and between Pictometry International Corp., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 25 Methodist hill Drive, Rochester, New York 14623 ("Pictometry") and the Authorized Subdivision identified above ("Authorized Subdivision") Whereas, Pictometry and Snohomish County, WA (the "County") entered into an agreement dated (the "County Agreement") providing the County licensed access to and use of certain Pictometry products identified above ("Pictometry Licensed Products") and the County has requested that Pictometry authorize Authorized Subdivision to have access to and use of the Pictometry Licensed Products, pursuant to the County Agreement. Now therefore, Pictometry and Authorized Subdivision hereby agree as follows: This Agreement shall continue in effect until the earlier to occur of (a) expiration or termination of the County Agreement, (b) the County withdraws its authorization allowing Authorized Subdivision access to and use of the Pictometry Licensed Products (c) breach by the County of the County Agreement, or (d) breach of this Agreement by Authorized Subdivision; Authorized Subdivision agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in the County Agreement, which is made part of this Agreement; Authorized Subdivision is hereby authorized to access and use the Pictometry Licensed Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; Pictometry shall have no obligations to provide the Pictometry Licensed Products to Authorized Subdivision; Authorized Subdivision may not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement; and All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent to the respective addresses set forth above. Notices shall be given by any of the following methods: personal delivery; reputable express courier providing written receipt; or postage-paid Page 10 of 11

=== PAGE 21 ===
DocuSign Envelope ID: 56893476-C5A3-451C-9B19-3F77FBF19647 certified or registered United States Mail, return receipt requested. Notice shall be deemed given when actually received or when delivered is refused. This Agreement shall become effective upon execution by duly authorized officers of Authorized Subdivision and Pictometry and receipt by Pictometry of such fully executed document, such date of receipt by Pictometry being the "Effective Date." Authorized Subdivision Signature: Name: Title: Date: Pictometry Inqerqational Corp. ocu gned by: Name: Title: Date: Page 11 of 11 Br åW28é+69ckmann Corporate vice president 3/22/2021