2.
2026 Tree Code Updates, Project #AMD2026-0001
 
–  ()

ATTACHMENT x
2026 TREE CODE UPDATES
WORK PLAN
Revised 5/28/26
Date Group Action Topic/Key Decision Points
Jan 14 Planning Board 
(1)
Project Introduction, preliminary 
approach N/A
Jan 28 Planning Board 
(2)
Discussion: Project scope, timeline, 
public engagement, ECDC 23.10 intro
ECDC 23.10 Code Intent & Purpose
Citywide Canopy Cover Goal
Feb 12 Focus Group Project Intro & Discussion: Canopy 
Cover, Code Organization, Definitions
Feedback to inform Feb 25 Planning Board 
decisions
Feb 24 City Council Briefing: Project Intro (Reading 1) N/A
Feb 25 Planning Board 
(3)
Direction: Code Org, Definitions 
(including Landmark)
Canopy Cover Goal (continued from Jan 28)
General Code Organization
Definitions (4-5 updates), landmark tree 
(new)
Mar 10 Focus Group Discussion: Tree Removal Unrelated 
to Development (new code)
Feedback to inform Mar 25 and Apr 22 
Planning Board decisions
Mar 11 Planning Board 
(4) Direction: continued from Feb 25 Definitions (continued from Feb 25)
Mar 25 Planning Board 
(5)
Direction: Tree Removal Unrelated to 
Development (new code)
Consider code requirement options:
Tree removal allowance, tree density 
credits, “hybrid” approach, permitting, etc. 
Mar 30
FOET Tree 
Code 
Subcommittee
Discussion: Additional information by 
Planning Board request
“Hybrid” tree density credit approach
Landmark species/DBH recommendations
Apr 14 City Council Reading File: Project Status (Reading 
2)
Project briefing – Planning Manager: key 
decision points addressed/under consideration
Apr 14 City Council Public Hearing: Ordinance Extension 
(Reading 3)
Six-month extension of Interim Landmark Tree 
Ordinance, effective through Oct 2026
Apr 22 Planning Board 
(6)
Direction: Tree Removal Unrelated to 
Development (continued from Mar 25) 
Number of allowed removals per property 
size and frequency of removals
Replacements
Permit vs. notification
May 1 Focus Group Discussion: Tree Retention Related to 
Development
Feedback to inform May 13, 27 Planning 
Board decisions 
May 13 Planning Board 
(7)
Direction: Tree Retention Related to 
Development, Part I
Tree retention requirements 
Tree replacement requirements
Fees in lieu of planting
Tree protection measures
May 27 Planning Board 
(8)
Direction: Tree Retention Related to 
Development, Part II (continue items 
from May 13) 
Fee in lieu “cap”
Conservation Subdivision 
Required Landscaping (2027 Unified Dev. 
Code Updates)
June 1 Focus Group Discussion: “Other” Code Updates Feedback to inform June 10 Planning Board 
decisions
Jun 10 City Council 
Committee
Study Session: Project Status & 
Preliminary Background Materials 
(Reading 4)
Project status and background prep in 
anticipation of receiving PB recommendation, 
Q/A
Jun 10 Planning Board 
(9)
Direction: “Other” Code Updates 
(+remaining items from May 27)
Bonding/maintenance assurance
ATTACHMENT x
2026 TREE CODE UPDATES
WORK PLAN
Revised 5/28/26
Date Group Action Topic/Key Decision Points
Violations, liability, emergency removals, 
etc. 
Consolidate Street Trees, Tree Fund?
Jun 
10+ Staff
Draft Code ECDC 17.130 (V1)
Submit to meet state requirements
Submit for City Legal review 
SEPA Determination (Ecology)
60-Day Notice of Intent to Adopt 
(Commerce)
Jun 24 Planning Board 
(10)
Direction: Review Draft Code and 
provide direction for code changes
Review Draft code (V1) 
Provide direction for code changes 
Jul 2 Tree Board Discussion/Decision: Draft Code 
Recommendation 
Review Draft Code (V1)
Provide recommendation to Planning Board
Jul 8 Planning Board Tentative Meeting if needed (10?) Additional direction for code changes (V2)
Jul 22 Planning Board Public Hearing   
Hold public hearing: Draft ECDC 17.130 
(V2)
Provide direction for code changes (V3)
Recommendation to Council (FCR)
Aug 4 City Council Review and Discuss Draft ECDC 
17.130 (Reading 5)
Receive PB recommendation (V3)
Q&A, discussion
Aug 21 City Council Consolidated comments/questions 
due from Council (Reading 6).
Council will compile any questions and 
forward a consolidated list to staff by August 
21.
Staff will prepare responses in a clear table 
format and include them in the September 8 
agenda packet.
Sept 8 City Council Public Hearing (Reading 7)
Hold public hearing: Draft ECDC 17.130 
(V3)
Q&A, discussion
Sept 
22 City Council
Review and Discuss: public hearing 
testimony.
Action: approve changes to the code  
(Reading 8)
Review Draft ECDC 17.130 (V3) + 
Ordinance
Discuss public feedback 
Provide direction for code changes (V4)
Oct 6 City Council Approval of Ordinance Amending 
ECDC 17.130 (Reading 9) Consent Agenda Item
Oct 6+ Staff Submit signed Ordinance, Final Code 10- Day Notice of Adoption (Commerce)
Oct 15 N/A 6-month moratorium extension 
expires 
Nov+ Staff Implementation Code publishing, training, public education, 
webpage update, social media release, etc.
Department of Natural Resouces and Parks
Water and Land Resources Division
Developing Effective Urban 
Tree Regulations on Private Property
Guide to
2024
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Acknowledgments TOP
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS  
Prepared for King County by Facet
Facet (formerly DCG/Watershed)  
750 Sixth Street South, Kirkland, WA 98033  
www.facetnw.com 
425.822.5242
Kim Frappier (Project Manager) Senior Urban Forester | Environmental Planner
Devin Melville, Environmental Planner | Arborist
Deb Powers, Senior Arborist
Project Contributors
Elizabeth Walker, Senior Urban Forestry Consultant  
T erra Firma Consulting
Joanna Nelson de Flores, Urban Forestry Program Manager  
King County Department of Natural Resources and Parks, Water and Land Resources Division
Nicole Gaudette, Code Writer  
King County Department of Local Services, Permitting Division
Richard Martin, Environmental Programs Managing Supervisor  
King County Department of Natural Resources and Parks, Water and Land Resources Division
Kimberly Miller, Graphic Designer  
Facet
King County Urban Forestry Forum, T ree Code Subcommittee
Funding Partners
Funds for this project were provided by the State of Washington Department of Natural Resources  
Urban and Community Forestry Program through Grant Agreement No. 93-105566.
Department of Natural Resouces and Parks
Water and Land Resources Division
Cover Photo credit: FreePik.com

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Executive Summary   /    i TOP
Executive Summary
Urban forests are complex regional, and watershed-scale natural systems 
located across natural areas, parks, public spaces, private residential and 
commercial properties, and transportation corridors. As development 
increases across the Puget Sound region, so does the need to protect and 
maintain our urban and community forests and the valuable ecosystem services 
they provide. King County is at the forefront of urban growth, with approximately 
2.3 million people in 39 jurisdictions and an estimated population of 118,000 
residing in unincorporated urban areas (UUAs). Canopy studies indicate the 
majority of trees that make up the urban forest in King County are located on 
private property, where trees are regulated on a local level. 1 2 3 4 As such, tree 
ordinances vary by municipality. T o date, very little guidance or data exists to 
inform the tree ordinance update process for local governments, nor is there a 
clear understanding of the effectiveness of tree regulations on private property. 
The Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property (the Guide) 
was developed to fill a critical need for guidance on developing and implementing 
private tree regulations. The Guide includes a synthesis of existing regulations in King 
County jurisdictions that were gathered through code research, an online survey 
of jurisdictional planning staff, and interviews with four municipalities that recently 
updated their city’s tree ordinance. The project team also looked outside of the region 
to identify effective and creative regulatory approaches across the country. 
Based on survey results, interview responses, and industry best practices – the 
Guide synthesizes code elements that comprise an effective ordinance as well 
as recommended strategies for public education and implementation by staff 
and permit applicants. The resources and data presented here will be utilized 
by the King County Department of Natural Resources and Parks, Water and 
Land Resources Division to develop a tree code toolkit for King County and local 
jurisdictions seeking to update existing regulations or implement new regulations 
for trees on private property.
Photo credit: Zac Gudakov
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
T able of Contents   /    ii TOP
Acknowledgments
 Executive Summary ............................................................... i
1.  Introduction ......................................................................... 02
 1.1: Project Background ...................................................... 03
 1.2: What defines a model tree ordinance framework? ......... 05
2. Jurisdictional T ree Regulation in King County ....................... 06
 2.1: Approach and Methods ................................................. 07
   Code Evaluation ............................................................. 07
   County-wide Survey ...................................................... 07
   In-depth Local Interviews .............................................. 07
 2.2:  Results: T ree Codes in King County .............................. 08
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research ................................... 10
 3.1:  Approach and Methods ................................................ 11
 3.2:  Results: Nationwide Case Studies ................................ 11
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4. Model T ree Regulation Elements ........................................... 15
 4.1:  Element 1: Purpose and Intent ...................................... 17
 4.2:  Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions .......................... 17
   Significant T rees............................................................. 17
   Nuisance T rees ............................................................... 19
   Hazard T rees .................................................................. 19
   Landmark or Exceptional T rees ..................................... 20
   Heritage T rees................................................................ 21
 4.3:  Element 3: T ree Retention and Replacement ................. 22
   Methods for Quantifying T ree Retention ...................... 22
   T ree Retention Priorities ................................................ 29
   T ree Protection During Development ........................... 29
   Replacement T ree Quantities and Standards ............... 29
 4.4:  Element 4: Property Owner T ree Removals  
    Without Development .................................................. 32
   Jurisdictional T rends ...................................................... 32
 4.5:  Element 5: Permitting Requirements ............................ 34
   Site Plans ........................................................................ 34
   Arborist Report .............................................................. 34
 4.6:  Additional Considerations ............................................ 35
   Staffing and Resource Considerations .......................... 35
   Maintenance Requirements ........................................... 35
   Incentives ....................................................................... 35
   Enforcement .................................................................. 36
   Maintenance and Monitoring ......................................... 36
   Equity and Economic Burden ......................................... 37
Table of Contents
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
T able of Contents   /    iii TOP
5. Ordinance Update Process  .................................................... 38
6. Measuring S
uccess
 
................................................................ 43
7. Implementation
 
.................................................................... 45
7.1:  S
taff T raining and Administration
 
................................. 46
7.2:  Pr
oviding T echnical Assistance and Resources
 
.............. 46
7.3:  P
ublic Outreach and Education
 
..................................... 46
7.4:  E
valuation and Adaptation
 
........................................... 47
8. Comprehensive Plans & State Policy Considerations
 
............. 48
8.1:  Ne
w Comprehensive Plan Climate Element
 
.................. 49
8.2:  Ne
w Housing Bills ......................................................... 49
8.3:  W
ashington Wildland Urban Interface Code
 
.................. 50
8.4:  Cult
urally Modified T rees
 
............................................. 51
9. Conclusion
 
............................................................................ 52
Appendices
 
.............................................................................. 54
Appendix A. Lis
t of T erms
 
.................................................... 55
Appendix B. Data S
ynthesis Report
 
..................................... 59
Appendix C. King C
ounty Jurisdictional T ree Code Matrix
 
... 59
Appendix D
. King County Jurisdictional T ree Code 
S
ummary Spreadsheet
 
.................................... 59
Appendix E. National T
ree Code Research Spreadsheet
 
....... 59
Appendix F
. Sample Documents and Online Resources
 
......... 60
Appendix G. T
ree Lists
 
........................................................ 62
Endnotes
  
............................................................................... 63 Photo credit: T omoko Uji
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
1. Introduction   /    01 TOP
I. Introduction 
1.1:  Project background .............................................................. 03
1.2:  What defines a model tree ordinance framework? ............. 05
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
1. Introduction   /    02 TOP
1.  Introduction
King County, located in the heart of the Pacific Northwest, is home to almost 30 
percent of Washington residents and contains the highest population density in 
the state.  The County is comprised of 39 jurisdictions that range in size from larger 
cities like Seattle with a population of 733,919, to smaller towns like Beaux Arts Village 
with a population of 311. It also includes urban unincorporated areas (UUAs), such as 
Skyway, which are geographically defined regions that have been identified as centers 
of future population growth and urban development outside of incorporated cities. 
The population of King County increased by 50 percent between 1990 and 2020 and is 
expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. Many areas within the county, including 
UUAs, are heavily developed with existing infrastructure, and redevelopment of 
properties is frequently occurring. Developed land cover within King County cities 
increased from 61 percent in 1992 to 67 percent in 2016, while UUAs saw a seven 
percent increase during that same period. 6  The amount of tree canopy cover is directly 
correlated to developed land cover and the distribution of this growth.
A POLICY articulates long-range objectives, 
such as the community’s vision expressed 
as policy goals in a Comprehensive Plan. 
Intended to guide day-to-day actions and 
decisions, policies may be achieved through 
ordinances, programs, public education, 
etc. Although comprehensive plan policies 
are mandated by the state and enacted by 
a local legislative process, they cannot be 
violated or enforced upon. 
An ORDINANCE is a law that is created by a 
local legislative body (e.g., county, town, or 
city council) and is also the mechanism for 
which it is adopted or passed. An ordinance 
regulates or prohibits conduct or actions 
and therefore can be violated and enforced. 
CODE refers to a collective group of 
standards, ordinances, or rules. For example, 
“T ree code” may refer to different sections 
within a jurisdiction’s municipal code. 
REGULA TIONS, or rules (when used in a 
regulatory sense), establish procedures 
required by ordinances, however the 
term is commonly used interchangeably 
with code and ordinance or as a verb 
to regulate, meaning enforce or as a 
“regulatory approach. ”
What is the difference between a policy, 
ordinance, code, and regulation?
Photo credit: Brandon Jarlais
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
1. Introduction   /    03 TOP
Urban forest is defined by its proximity 
to human populations and includes all 
trees within urban lands including those 
on public property such as streetscapes, 
rights-of-way, parks, municipal facilities, 
and open spaces as well as privately owned 
and T ribal lands.7 The importance of urban 
forests has been quantified and well 
documented on a site scale (individual trees) 
and landscape scale (groves or forests) 
through research conducted by agencies 
like the United States Forest Service 
(USFS) and Washington Department of 
Natural Resources (WADNR), organizations 
like American Forests and the Arbor Day 
Foundation, universities, and others. Some 
benefits of urban trees include improved 
quality of life 8 9, wildlife habitat, green 
stormwater infrastructure  10 11, increased 
property values , energy savings, reduction 
of urban heat island effects 13 14, pollutant 
removal 15, noise buffering 16, and carbon 
sequestration. 17 There is a lack of research, 
however , around effective tree ordinances 
and the adoption and implementation of 
such, which is an essential strategy for 
preserving urban forests. 
According to the King County 30-Y ear Forest 
Plan, canopy cover in King County cities 
ranges from 16 percent to more than 50 
percent, while UUAs range from 45 percent 
canopy cover near rural areas to 21 percent 
in areas closer to cities. 18 Given that the 
vast majority of the urban forest canopy 
resides on private property in low-density 
residential zones, 19 trees within these 
areas are under substantial development 
pressures and are seeing an increase in 
impervious surfaces and subsequently, 
the highest loss of canopy cover . Further , 
the UUAs contain some of the remaining 
patches of contiguous forest stands and are 
similarly under high development pressures.
1.1:  Project Background
In 2021, the King County Department 
of Natural Resources and Parks (DNRP), 
Water and Land Resources Division 
Forestry Program (County), identified the 
need to maintain and increase urban tree 
canopy in the King County 30- Y ear Forest 
Plan. 20  This collaborative effort involved 
input from stakeholders such as county 
staff, T ribes, nonprofits, municipalities, 
forestland owners, managers, and 
community members. Among the plan’s 
seven priorities is a focus on urban forests, 
with goals and strategies to increase 
tree canopy and urban forest health. In 
response to stakeholder input, King County 
initiated the Urban Forestry Forum in 2022, 
bringing together cities countywide with a 
shared interest in urban forestry. Surveys 
among participants emphasized the 
significance of tree regulations to support 
urban canopy retention and growth, 
identifying King County as a key player in 
synthesizing information and showcasing 
best practices. 
Photo credit: T om Wheatley
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
1. Introduction   /    04 TOP
T o address an identified need for comprehensive and effective tree 
retention regulations, King County obtained funding through the 
State of Washington Department of Natural Resources Urban and 
Community Forestry Program grant and launched an analysis of urban 
tree protection regulations in King County. This project is structured 
into two major tasks: 
1. Conduct data collection and evaluation of existing tree codes for  
all King County municipalities and urban unincorporated areas of 
King County. 
2. Develop a guide containing insights, best practices, and 
recommendations for King County and municipalities to consider 
when crafting effective tree regulations and facilitating tree 
ordinance adoption. 
Conducting an extensive analysis of regulations for both public 
and private trees was not feasible due to constraints in budget and 
timeline. Therefore, acknowledging the unique challenges faced by 
urban trees on private lands, the County identified tree regulation on 
private property as the focus of this initial research. Public trees include 
those located within public rights-of-way, city or county-owned and 
managed parks, natural areas, and other public facilities. While public 
trees play a distinct role in urban forests, trees in these areas are 
regulated by a variety of plans and legal documents, including franchise 
agreements for utilities within the right-of-way. In many jurisdictions, 
maintenance of right-of-way trees is the responsibility of the adjacent 
property owner . Public tree management is tied to public safety and 
the responsibilities associated with providing utilities, access, and park 
amenities to and for the benefit of the public. For ease of reference, 
public tree code sections are noted in the code spreadsheet   
(Appendix D) but not included in this evaluation. 
This Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations for Private 
Property (the Guide) is grounded in the information gathered from 
the two tasks stated above as well as current best practices for 
arboriculture science and urban forestry management.21  The project 
team evaluated key components of successful tree protection and 
retention regulations to develop a model tree ordinance and regulation 
elements specific to the management of trees on private lands. 
Project Background continued... Photo credit: Xinly
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
1. Introduction   /    05 TOP
1.2:  What defines a model tree 
ordinance framework?
Urban forests are complex regional and 
watershed-scale natural systems that 
are governed independently across local 
municipalities. T ree protection ordinances 
are established at the local level and are not 
regulated by the Growth Management Act 
like critical areas ordinances. Additionally, 
the structure and location of related 
local codes (for example, development, 
construction, landscaping, and land use) 
varies by municipality. As a result, there 
are diverse approaches to regulating 
trees within urban settings. Along with 
community values and priorities, staffing 
and financial resources greatly influence 
the structure, elements, and administration 
of tree regulations. Therefore, how do you 
define a “model tree ordinance?”
For purposes of this project, the term model 
tree ordinance is broadly defined as an 
ordinance that does the following: 
• Provides clear and effective code language 
for ease of administration by staff and 
stakeholders; 
• Is grounded in best arboriculture science 
and management practices;
• Balances growth and development while 
providing protections for existing trees; 
and
• Helps meet the jurisdiction stated vision, 
purpose, and objectives of the code 
and related policies (for example, urban 
forest management plans and goals, 
comprehensive plans, climate action 
strategies, etc.).
Another challenge to defining a model 
tree ordinance is the lack of metrics or 
an assessment process for measuring 
regulatory efficacy, which is necessary 
to determine whether an ordinance is 
successful in furthering canopy cover and 
related urban forestry, climate action, 
and/or sustainability goals. T o date, there 
has not been a comprehensive study 
that conclusively links specific regulatory 
elements to canopy cover outcomes. In 
the absence of statistically significant data, 
the Guide presents trends seen in King 
County jurisdictions with tree regulations 
in place, as well as case studies from select 
jurisdictions outside the county. The 
project team also included a discussion 
of the advantages and disadvantages of 
specific regulations as they pertain to 
implementation and administration. It is 
important to note that tree regulations 
are one strategy used to protect and 
enhance tree canopy cover and will only 
be successful when combined with other 
policy and programmatic approaches, such 
as urban forest management plan goals, 
ongoing monitoring and assessment, 
planting programs, public education and 
engagement, and investments in staffing 
and program implementation. Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
2. Jurisdictional T ree Regulations in King County   /    06 TOP
2. Jurisdictional Tree Regulations in King County 
2.1:   Approach and Methods  ............................................ 07
  Code Evaluation .................................................. 07
  County-wide Survey ........................................... 07
  In-depth Local Interviews ................................... 07
2.2: Results: T ree Regulations in King County ................. 08
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
2. Jurisdictional T ree Regulations in King County   /    07 TOP
2. Jurisdictional Tree  
    Regulations in King County
2.1:  Approach and Methods
The first objective of this project was to evaluate existing tree codes 
across all King County municipalities and urban unincorporated areas 
of King County and document the process that select municipalities 
followed with recent code updates. This was accomplished through 
code research and conducting surveys and interviews. The combined 
datasets helped inform the recommendations provided in this Guide 
and will be referenced throughout. A complete discussion of the 
methods from this first phase of research is summarized in the Data 
Synthesis Report found in Appendix B. 
Code Evaluation
T ree codes from all 39 King County municipalities as well as urban 
unincorporated areas were researched and uniformly synthesized 
into a code matrix (Appendix C) and a code summary spreadsheet 
(Appendix D). Once synthesized, key code concepts were identified, 
cross-referenced, and compared. Each jurisdiction’s code was then 
categorized into one of four regulatory levels based on elements in 
the existing private tree code. The regulatory levels are indicated on 
the summary spreadsheet in addition to the city population, the date 
of the last code update, and specific code requirements. Levels of 
regulation do not imply a rating of code quality or effectiveness but 
are rather a reflection of many factors, including the community’s 
vision, its purpose and intent of regulating trees, desire for greater 
code simplicity, or for taking a more comprehensive approach. 
Decision-makers also carefully consider levels of code regulation in 
other contexts, such as resources needed for code administration and 
enforcement, when adopting codes.
The code matrix and summary spreadsheet were designed for use by 
planners, urban foresters, and decision-makers to reference how trees 
are commonly regulated throughout King County towns, cities and 
UUAs. These tools may help jurisdictions identify gaps and consider 
ways to improve the effectiveness of their tree ordinances.
County-wide Survey
T o better understand the policy drivers and nuances of administering 
tree codes on private property, survey questions were developed to 
engage directly with individuals involved in the implementation of tree 
codes. Using Survey Monkey software, the project team developed 
18 multiple-choice, rated, and open-ended questions to ask who 
administers the code, how easy or challenging the code is to apply/
enforce, and how cities are tracking code effectiveness. The survey 
was released to planning staff in all 39 municipalities in the County. 
Questions included:
• What are the drivers or reasons for adopting your private tree code?
• How are you measuring the effectiveness of the code in meeting 
those goals?
• On sites where no development activity is proposed, what tree 
removals are allowed?
In-depth Local Interviews
In 2022 and 2023, eleven King County jurisdictions updated their 
tree code regulations to some degree. Of those, four cities, Burien, 
Issaquah, Kirkland, and Seattle, were selected and engaged through 
in-depth interviews because of the complexity of their recent efforts 
to evaluate, update, and adopt new tree code ordinances. Staff were 
interviewed on their experience with the code amendment process, 
timeline, lessons learned, public engagement efforts, and the 
rationale for implementing the code amendments. 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
2. Jurisdictional T ree Regulations in King County   /    08 TOP
2.2:  Results: T ree Regulations in King County
The project team found local tree codes to vary widely in quality, 
clarity, terminology, consistency with industry standards, and levels 
of restrictiveness. Survey participation was very good, with 34 out of 
39 municipalities submitting partial or full survey responses. Beyond 
critical area tree removal restrictions, some jurisdictions (9) had 
little to no tree regulations, while the greatest single number of 
jurisdictions (15) were found to have comprehensive codes that both 
regulate tree retention with development and limit tree removal 
on private property. Through the data collection and analysis of 
local jurisdictions’ tree codes during the first phase of this effort, 
the project team found many examples of effective language and 
processes to consider when crafting effective ordinances. Based 
on the categorization of the jurisdictions evaluated - including King 
County - 25 of the 40 have moderate to comprehensive levels of tree 
regulations (Level III and IV , see page 09). The complete results of this 
research are described in the Data Synthesis Report (Appendix B) and 
woven throughout this Guide to demonstrate and highlight specific 
code elements and provide model language. 
Photo credit: Seattle DOT
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
2. Jurisdictional T ree Regulations in King County   /    09 TOP
LEVEL I  •  Limited Regulations  
Level I codes have little or no limitations to tree removal on private property 
aside from tree removal and replacements in critical areas. May require review of 
trees as part of a landscape plan review for informational purposes.  
Algona  |  Carnation  |  Clyde Hill  |  Des Moines  |  Enumclaw   
Normandy Park  |  Pacific  |  Skykomish  |  Snoqualmie
LEVEL II  •  Minimal Regulations  
Level II codes are primarily limited to required landscaping areas, which do not 
apply to new single-family residential development. No removal thresholds or 
replacement standards to meet a minimum density are set, which precludes all 
other standard requirements of replacement, protection, and mitigation.  
King County  |  Auburn  |  Black Diamond  |  Milton  |  SeaT ac  |  T ukwila
LEVEL III  •  Moderate Regulations  
Level III codes include tree density requirements for retention and replacement 
on development with standard protection, maintenance, and mitigation, but 
may not apply to non-residential development. Most lack removal thresholds or 
requirements for developed sites and non-development related activity. 
Bothell  |  Federal Way  |  Kenmore  |  Kent  |  Maple Valley  
Medina  |  Mercer Island  |  Newcastle  |  North Bend  |  Woodinville
LEVEL IV  •  Comprehensiv e  
These jurisdictions have comprehensive private tree codes that pertain to 
both development and non-development related tree removals. They have 
tree density retention and replacement requirements, and, priority locations, 
alternative compliance, incentives, protection, maintenance, enforcement with 
penalties, and where appropriate, a dedicated tree fund account.  
Beaux Arts Village  |  Bellevue  |  Burien | Covington | Duvall  
Hunts Point  |  Issaquah  |  Kirkland  |  Lake Forest Park | Redmond  
Renton  |  Sammamish |  Seattle  |  Shoreline  |  Y arrow Point
Levels of Code 
Regulation
The private tree regulations 
of King County and each 
municipality were categorized 
into one of four levels, based 
on the code elements and 
extent of provisions and 
restrictions. 
LEVEL I
LEVEL II
LEVEL III
LEVEL IV
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research   /    10 TOPTOP
3. Nationwide Tree Regulation Research 
3.1:   Approach and Methods  ............................................ 11
3.2:   Results: Nationwide Case Studies ............................ 11
 Case Study: City of Decatur , Georgia ....................... 12
 Case Study: City of Olympia, Washington ................ 13
 Project Spotlight: Chicago Region T rees Initiative ...14
Photo credit: Meric Dagli
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research   /    11 TOPTOP
3.1:  Approach and Methods
The second phase of research included a search of nationwide tree 
codes to identify unique approaches to tree protection from a regulatory 
standpoint. T o conduct a nationwide search for model tree ordinances, 
the project team reviewed case studies from professional conferences 
and webinar agendas, published research papers, and relevant articles.  
Sources include the Journal of Environmental Management, the Urban 
and Community Forestry Society (formerly the Society of Municipal 
Arborists), Vibrant Cities Lab, Arbor Day Foundation, and the Washington 
State Department of Natural Resources Urban and Community 
Forestry. States with growth management policies were considered for 
the cities’ similarities in balancing regulatory levels with environmental 
protection. From there, jurisdictions comparable in size to those in King 
County were considered and further narrowed down to cities that face 
similar development pressures, have existing mature tree canopy, and 
may have received some recognition for their regulatory approach to 
tree protection. 
In all, seven nationwide jurisdictions were selected by range in population 
from under 10,000 to about 965,000 residents. Aside from Austin, 
T exas, the project team selected half the jurisdictions with under 
40,000 residents and the remaining half over 40,000, up to about 
75,000 residents, noting that the average population size of most 
King County jurisdictions is approximately 40,000 residents. Each of 
the selected cities has tree codes that both protect existing trees 
and allow for development (Appendix E). State urban foresters were 
asked to recommend jurisdictions within their state that fit these 
criteria.  Other jurisdictions that were recommended included Palo 
Alto (California), Reno (Nevada), Miami-Dade County (Florida), Atlanta 
(Georgia), Decatur (Georgia), Amelia Island/Nassau County (Florida), 
Whitefish (Montana), and the T own of Mt. Pleasant (New Y ork). 
Ordinances for these recommended jurisdictions were reviewed for 
unique components and effectiveness; and compared using elements 
of tree ordinance topics established during the earlier research phase of 
the project and discussed in the Data Synthesis Report (See Appendix 
B). The project team also reviewed Portland and Olympia’s tree codes 
based on suggestions that those codes may fit the same criteria we 
were seeking nationwide.
T wo cities, Decatur and Olympia had elements of their tree ordinances 
that stood out as effective or unique and could serve as an example to 
local jurisdictions. These tree codes were further evaluated by analyzing 
the ordinances in-depth, reviewing educational materials available on 
each city’s website, and contacting each jurisdiction for brief interviews 
using the general outline of questions from the local interviews. These 
case studies are presented in Section IV of this report. Additionally, the 
Chicago Region T ree Initiative (CRTI) was identified as an innovative 
organization leading the way for developing tree ordinance frameworks 
and is also featured as a project spotlight. 
3.2 Results:  Nationwide Case Studies
It is not uncommon for municipalities outside of King County, and 
across other regions of the country, to base tree retention regulations 
on factors such as development type, minimum canopy cover 
requirements, and tree density standards. These approaches 
are aimed at preserving and enhancing urban tree canopy 
cover , promoting environmental sustainability, and maintaining 
the aesthetic and ecological benefits that trees provide to 
communities. The following case studies provide approaches from 
communities outside of King County with unique code elements 
that are not seen in local ordinances and contribute to the overall 
effectiveness of the tree regulations. 
3. Nationwide Tree  
 Regulation Research
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research   /    12 TOPTOP
Case Study: City of Decatur, Georgia
The City of Decatur , a suburb northeast of Atlanta, is home to an 
estimated 23,000 residents and contains an abundance of mature trees. 
Decatur is a developed city with an existing tree canopy of 57 percent. 
It is similar to larger jurisdictions in King County in that much of the 
City has been previously developed and the majority of impacts to tree 
canopy comes from the redevelopment of existing residential lots. This 
is evident through their tree removal permit applications, which the 
City tracks through a permitting software called Community Core. On 
average last year , Decatur received 13 tree removal permit applications 
associated with commercial properties and 120 residential tree removal 
permit applications. 
TREE ORDINANCE UPDA TE AND CANOPY ANAL YSIS
In 2019, the City initiated the tree ordinance update process, which was 
previously amended in 2014. Public input was solicited from stakeholders, 
the City’s Environmental Sustainability Board, and the community via 
several open house events held at a public park and other outreach efforts. 
As part of the effort, the City commissioned a tree canopy study using 
i- T ree that revealed the city’s total canopy cover remained consistent 
between 2009 and 2019 at 57 percent, with low-density residential 
zoning containing more than 70 percent of the city’s canopy cover .  
Notably, redevelopment within this single-family zoning was identified 
as the primary driver of canopy loss. In 2021, the Decatur Environmental 
Sustainability Board conducted site visits throughout the city to verify 
the canopy study’s findings. While certain areas of the city experienced 
tree canopy loss during that timeframe, others experienced tree canopy 
gain that overall supports the study’s finding that the City achieved and 
maintained its 50 percent canopy cover goal. 
After a three-year effort, the revised ordinance was adopted in 2022, 
known as the T ree Canopy Conservation Ordinance. The result is a clear , 
well-written ordinance that provides the following: 
• Strong protections for existing tree canopy, replacement tree plantings, 
and still allows for development opportunities. 
• The tree canopy and replacement requirements are established by 
zone, with the highest canopy retention (75 percent) required in single-
family residential zoning. 
• The intent section ensures that the effectiveness of the ordinance can 
be evaluated periodically by requiring a tree canopy cover study every 
five years using a similar methodology to the 2021 canopy assessment. 
• Requires the City Arborist to publish a quarterly report summarizing 
tree removal and replacement activities and requires an annual public 
information meeting to be held. 
Based on the information provided in the canopy study and guidance 
from the Arbor Day Foundation, the City increased its tree canopy cover 
goal from 50 percent to 65 percent, which is reflected in their updated 
ordinance. 
UNIQUE ELEMENTS OF THE DECA TUR, GA TREE CODE
• Requires 75 percent of a lot’s existing healthy canopy cover to be 
retained;
• Offers an Administrative T ree Variance that allows applicants to 
apply for a variance to the zoning setback regulations to preserve an 
existing protected tree;
• Implements a Canopy Loss Fee for situations where tree retention 
requirements are met but an applicant wants to remove other healthy 
protected trees. Funds are distributed by the City to establish, 
maintain, improve, and expand the canopy;
• Requires a Boundary T ree Agreement for land disturbance that 
impacts more than 20 percent of a critical root zone of a boundary 
tree straddling two properties; and
• Requires that trees retained or planted to meet tree canopy 
requirements be maintained in perpetuity through tree maintenance 
agreements and bonds.
The City acknowledges that education is a key component to the success 
of its code. The city’s website includes an informative collection of 
educational materials. 23 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research   /    13 TOPTOP
Case Study: City of Olympia, Washington
Olympia, the state capital of Washington, is located 60 miles 
southwest of Seattle in Thurston County, with a population of 
nearly 56,000—slightly larger than the City of Bothell in King 
County. Encompassing 20 square miles, Olympia was assessed 
in 2022 to have an overall tree canopy cover of 42 percent, with 
the greatest canopy cover percentage located in low-density 
residential areas. According to Olympia’s Urban Forest Program 
Manager , the City plans to provide greater policy support for its tree 
code by establishing data-driven tree canopy cover goals through 
Comprehensive Plan updates and Urban Forest Management Plan 
development.
Olympia’s tree code, Municipal Code Chapter 16.60, was initially 
adopted in 2016 and underwent minor updates in 2021. Separate 
code sections address required landscaping related to zoning/
buffers, clearing and grading, and landmark trees. While not seeing 
all requirements under one code section may be frustrating to 
some, the overall length and complexity of Olympia’s tree code 
is minimized with references to the City’s Urban Forest Manual 
(Manual), which outlines permitting standards and procedural 
requirements. 24 Because issues with code length and clarity 
emerged during the research phase of this project, the team sought 
examples of strategies that resulted in succinct, understandable 
code language. While Olympia’s tree code was found to be as 
comprehensive as Kirkland’s Level IV of regulations, Olympia’s 
approachable code language and unique code elements were found 
to be a model for this project.
UNIQUE ELEMENTS OF THE OL YMPIA, WA TREE CODE
• Overall code language is clear , user-friendly, and aligns with 
industry standards without overuse of jargon.
• The Urban Forest Manual is written for a broad audience in 
narrative format; it explains requirements, provides checklists, 
includes tables and diagrams, and gives examples of code use.
• Checklists in the Manual outline what information needs to be 
submitted with tree removal permit applications and provide 
instructions for how to measure a tree, calculate tree density, etc. 
• Depending on the jurisdiction’s code amendment schedules, 
updates to the industry standards, tree lists, procedural checklists, 
etc. in the Manual may occur more frequently than would normally 
be feasible through a legislative process. 25
• T ree retention requirements include soil preservation. For 
example, single-family development requires that a Soil and 
Vegetation Protection Plan show soil remediation and understory 
vegetation replanting, in addition to meeting a minimum of 30 tree 
units per acre with existing and/or replacement trees. 
• The code includes a tree removal mechanism for larger , heavily 
wooded undeveloped properties to allow up to 30 percent removal 
by volume every ten years, much like traditional forest stand 
management. 
Based on the community engagement related to other projects, the 
Urban Forest Program Manager believes the community is generally 
accepting of trees being regulated and that trees are of value to 
Olympians, possibly an outcome of the community’s tree code being 
so approachable. 
Photo credit: Peter Robbins
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
3. Nationwide T ree Regulation Research   /    14 TOPTOP
T ABLE 1.  
Chicago Region T ree Initiative - T ree Code Preservation Framework
Ordinance Level Code Elements
Bronze
• Regulates public trees.
• Statement of purpose
• Definitions 
• T ree care and protection
• Legacy tree protections
• T ree removal and replacement
•  T ree preservation and/or removal plan
• Permit procedures!
• Enforcement and compliance
• Nuisance trees
• Invasive species control
• Sets goals to help move toward a silver-level ordinance
Silver • Builds upon elements of the bronze-level ordinance 
• Requires a community forest management plan 
Gold
• Builds upon elements of the silver-level ordinance
• Preserves and protects trees in the community  
   by regulating both public and private trees
PROJECT SPOTLIGHT
Chicago Region T rees Initiative
The Chicago Region T rees Initiative, or CRTI, is an 
Illinois-based partnership dedicated to developing 
and implementing strategies for a healthy, diverse, 
and equitable urban forest. CRTI provides resources 
on grant funding related to urban forestry and 
environmental initiatives, ordinance development, 
carbon credits, invasive species, and hiring a 
qualified arborist. CRTI also maintains interactive 
maps and data sets of the Chicago region that 
include layers like tree canopy cover , surface 
temperatures, flood risk, air quality, and vulnerable 
populations. 26
Notably, CRTI guides jurisdictions seeking to 
implement tree preservation ordinances through 
their ordinance builder program. Spearheaded 
by Lydia Scott, Zach Wirtz, et al., over ten years 
ago, the program today features examples of tree 
preservation ordinance templates categorized as 
bronze, silver , and gold frameworks, for jurisdictions 
to utilize and model tree ordinances after (See 
T able 1).27 T o incentivize jurisdictions to adopt and 
maintain a tree preservation ordinance, the program 
requires a minimum bronze-status tree preservation 
ordinance to receive funding through the Urban 
and Community Forest Grant. The bronze and silver 
ordinance templates only address public trees; 
however , the gold template includes protections for 
both public trees and trees on private property.
Photo credit: Sawyer Begston
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    15 TOP
4. Model Tree Regulation Elements 
4.1:  Element 1. Purpose and Intent  ............................................................. 17
4.2:  Element 2. Regulated T ree Definitions .................................................. 17
4.3:  Element 3. T ree Retention and Replacement ........................................ 22
4.4:  Element 4. Property Owner T ree Removals Without Development .... 32
4.5:  Element 5. Permitting Requirements .................................................... 34
4.6:  Additional Considerations ..................................................................... 35
Photo credit: Angelica Sabina
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    16 TOP
Across King County, certain code elements became evident within 
a regulatory framework as the codes were compiled and analyzed. 
The following section outlines elements of tree ordinances that 
the project team found to be integral components of a model tree 
ordinance and that highlight best practices. There are varying 
levels of complexity found in tree regulations across King County 
jurisdictions, as well as nationwide. As noted in the previous section, 
some jurisdictions may want to incorporate fewer tree ordinance 
elements than listed below, while others may prefer more robust 
tree regulations that contain some variation of all elements. The 
appropriate level of regulation is often related to a city’s size, 
environmental policies, departmental makeup, funding, and in-
house staff expertise. Further , the distribution of tree regulation 
elements may be in a variety of code locations, including zoning and 
development, land use, clearing and grading, or required landscaping 
codes. In other cases, tree regulation elements can be found under 
a standalone ordinance. The Municipal Research Services Center 
(MRSC) provides guidance on ordinance drafting and adoption for 
Washington cities and counties. 28
The description of each tree code element below includes its purpose, 
jurisdictional trends found during the research phase of the project, 
and recommended approaches or strategies: 
T ABLE 2. T ree Regulation Elements
Element Description
1.  Purpose and Intent • Function of clearly stated purpose.
2.  Regulated T ree  
      Dinfinitions
• Significant
• Landmark
• Heritage
3.  T ree Retention  
       and Replacement
• Methods for Quantifying T ree Retention
• T ree Retention Priorities
• T ree Protection during Development
• Replacement T ree Standards
4.  Property Owner  
      Removals Without  
      Development
• Removal thresholds
• Replacement ratios
5.  Permitting 
      Requirements
• Site plans
• Arborist report
4. Model Tree Regulation Elements
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    17 TOP
4.1:  Element 1: Purpose and Intent
Knowing the purpose behind an ordinance gives users the ability to 
understand and interpret it with more insight and accuracy. For that 
reason, ordinances should have a clearly stated purpose that justifies 
the need for the code or regulation and a clear statement of intent 
that describes what the code or regulation seeks to accomplish. 
Within the purpose and intent, code language can be included to 
reinforce jurisdictional values that would be achieved through the 
implementation of tree regulations. Values are often articulated in 
long-range policy goals, such as a commitment to maintaining canopy 
cover , support of climate action and urban forestry, and other goals, 
like sustainability. 
The intent of an ordinance is also an essential element of many judicial 
decisions, which may be important with appeals or legal challenges. 
A clearly stated intent and purpose behind the ordinance can also 
guide evaluating the efficacy of the code and identify needed code 
interpretation and future code updates.
4.2:  Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions
The use of these definitions and terminology varies across 
jurisdictions. Surveyed and interviewed municipalities touched on 
the importance of code clarity; and the nationwide study of tree 
ordinances showed that clear , concise code language is more unique 
than common. This section offers guidance for jurisdictions to 
consider when crafting or revising definitions related to regulated tree 
criteria.  
Significant T rees
A significant tree refers to a tree’s minimum size threshold that is 
subject to a city’s tree regulations. The significant tree threshold is 
intended to promote a sustainable succession, or diverse range of tree 
ages within an urban forest, maximizing the many ecosystem-service 
benefits it provides to the community. Because it can take decades for 
a tree to reach maturity, and the rate of maturity varies by tree species 
and growing conditions, municipalities should establish a regulated 
size threshold that reflects established trees that are just beginning to 
contribute to the municipality’s tree canopy. Size thresholds are typically 
defined by the trunk diameter measured at breast height (DBH), also 
sometimes referred to as the diameter at standard height (DSH). 
Although King County municipalities have established significant 
tree diameter thresholds between 4 and 18 inches, the most typical 
significant tree size is 6 inches DBH. Setting lower-sized thresholds 
captures a greater number of existing trees in the urban landscape 
and would potentially capture more recently planted trees resulting 
from development requirements within the past 5 to 10 years. In turn, 
this will result in more regulated trees. Many King County jurisdictions 
include a description or criteria for tree condition in the “significant” 
tree size definition, achieving greater code simplicity. However , 
because all regulated trees may not be required to meet condition 
criteria (trees in critical areas, NGPAs, etc.), defining tree conditions 
separately from the minimum size threshold may help avoid code 
interpretation conflicts.  
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    18 TOP
MEASURING TREE DIAMETER
The standard method for measuring trees is by trunk diameter , 
known by the acronym DBH (Diameter at Breast Height) or DSH 
(Diameter at Standard Height). T rees are measured 4.5 feet above 
the ground, on the uphill side of the tree. Due to the many tree form 
variations (for example., multiple trunks, trunks that fork below 4.5 
feet, trunk swelling, etc.), see standards outlining proper measuring 
techniques in the Guide for Plant Appraisal and ANSI A300 for T ree 
Care, 2023, Planting and T ransplanting Standards. Caliper also 
refers to the trunk diameter taken at a standard height, typically 
used in specifying nursery stock with smaller trunks, measured 
above grade 4 to 12 inches, depending on the trunk diameter .  
TREE HEAL TH AND VIABILITY
Not all trees are candidates for successful retention, which is why 
accurately assessing a tree’s health and viability is an important 
factor in developing tree retention plans. “Viable” for retention may 
be defined as a tree’s current condition while “viability” may refer 
to long-term prognosis after sustaining impacts from construction. 
Either way, specifying that a significant tree must be healthy or 
viable in a clear definition is one way to ensure successful tree 
retention. Retained trees initially in poor condition, generally do not 
survive more than a few years following impacts from construction. 
The City of Kirkland defines a “viable” tree in the present and 
potential context: it must fit tree condition ratings based on 
industry standards (KZC 95.30). 
Photo credit: Freepik.com
Photo credit: Freepik.com
Photo credit: Jamie T aylor
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    19 TOP
Nuisance T rees
A nuisance tree is a tree that meets certain criteria and cannot be 
corrected by reasonable practices such as pruning, bracing, or cabling. 
Criteria for nuisance trees vary by jurisdiction and typically include:
• Is causing obvious physical damage to private or public structures, 
including sidewalks, curbs, roads, driveways, parking lots, building 
foundations, or roofs; or
• Has sustained damage from past maintenance practices or 
naturally occurring events such as wind, ice, or snow-loading.
Hazard T rees
A hazard tree (or tree part) is assessed by a qualified professional 
and is typically defined by a certain overall risk rating using the ISA 
T ree Risk Assessment method in its most current form. 29  Many 
jurisdictions determine that “extreme” or “high” is an appropriate risk 
rating threshold to differentiate hazard trees from those that may 
be remediated by practices such as pruning or monitoring, versus 
removal. Hazard trees are often exempt from tree removal permitting 
requirements; however , many jurisdictions require some form of 
documentation prepared by a T ree Risk Assessment Qualified (TRAQ) 
arborist before removal activities. Often, tree removal in critical areas 
is limited to hazardous trees only. Under a development scenario, 
hazard trees should be removed and should not count toward the lot’s 
retention requirements. 
Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions continued...
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    20 TOP
Landmark or Exceptional T rees
Landmark trees - sometimes used interchangeably with exceptional 
trees - are larger , healthy mature specimens considered worthy of long-
term retention. The removal of landmark trees results in an immediate 
loss of wildlife habitat and quantifiable benefits such as heat, stormwater , 
and air quality mitigation. Preservation of landmark trees is important to 
maintain multi-aged, resilient urban forests. Most of the jurisdictions in 
King County define Landmark or Exceptional trees using 24-inch DBH size 
criteria, although as low as 18 inches was found (T ukwila), to as large as 50 
inches DBH (Medina). 
Options for defining landmark trees include establishing a diameter 
threshold, providing a table organized by species, or a combination of 
both. For example, the City of Burien regulates any tree 30 inches or 
greater as an exceptional tree but also has an Exceptional T ree T able with 
smaller threshold sizes for common tree species of the Pacific Northwest 
whose maximum size at maturity is smaller or are slow-growing, such as 
Arbutus menziesii (Pacific madrone) and Quercus garryana (Garry oak).30 
The Cities of Lake Forest Park 31 also provides diameter thresholds for 
landmark/exceptional trees by species. 
Jurisdictions can tailor landmark size and species requirements to be 
specific to local landscape and tree characteristics. T able 3 provides an 
example list adapted from the City of Burien. When developing a landmark 
tree list, it is important to consider the following: 
• Consider the local native forest composition. In areas that were 
logged more recently than the turn of the 19th century, there may be 
no old-growth trees, so establishing a 55-inch landmark tree provision 
may not be effective in protecting the largest trees in the jurisdiction, 
if the predominant size of mature trees is under 24-inches DBH.  
• Account for the size of a species at maturity to protect high-value 
trees that do not typically reach 24-inch DBH or greater  
(for example, Arbutus menziesii). 
Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions continued...
Photo credit: Kim Frappier
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    21 TOP
• Exclude tree species on the King County Noxious Weed List or are 
noted as a weed of concern.32  
• Exclude fast-growing ‘early successional’ species, such as red alder 
(Alnus rubra), which are short-lived and have weedy characteristics. 
• Exclude trees known to have significant infrastructure conflicts and 
are not suitable for long-term retention on a densely developed 
urban lot, such as black cottonwood (Populus balsamifera).
 
In some jurisdictions, the removal of landmark trees is only allowed 
under limited circumstances and generally requires a demonstration of 
need. This is the case in the cities of Seattle, Kirkland, Issaquah, Renton, 
and Burien. Higher levels of protection for landmark trees could include 
establishing landmark trees as a high retention priority prohibiting 
removal with certain exceptions, and/or offering incentives for retention 
of landmark trees (See Additional Considerations, page 35). Exceptions 
that grant the removal of landmark trees could include the following 
scenarios:
• The tree is determined by a qualified tree professional to meet the 
criteria of a hazard tree or nuisance tree;
• The tree is unhealthy before development, as determined by a 
qualified professional;
• Retention of the tree will prohibit reasonable development.
If approved for removal, conifer species such as Douglas fir , western 
redcedar , and western hemlock should be replaced in-kind and on-site, 
if feasible. Further , an increased replacement requirement to offset 
the ecological loss should be required, such as a 3:1 or 2:1 replacement 
ratio. Currently, there are five King County jurisdictions requiring 
increased replacement ratios for landmark tree removals.
Heritage T rees
The purpose of heritage tree code provisions is to recognize and 
protect trees with unique or historical attributes of significance to 
the community, such as size, relation to a historical event, special 
site location, and unusual or exemplary species. Heritage trees 
may include grove trees and can be on public or private property.              
T ABLE 3. Example Landmark/Exceptional tree table with threshold 
diameters by species* 
Common Name Scientific Name DBH
Grand fir Abies grandis 24 inches
Bigleaf maple Acer macrophyllum 24 inches
Pacific madrone Arbutus menziesii 8 inches
Port Orford cedar Chamaecyparis lawsoniana 24 inches
Cascara Frangula purshiana 8 inches
Sitka spruce Picea sitchensis 24 inches
Lodgepole or shore pine Pinus contorta 12 inches
Western white pine Pinus monticola 24 inches
Douglas-fir Pseudotsuga menziesii 24 inches
Pacific yew T axus brevifolia 8 inches
Garry oak Quercus garryana 12 inches
Western redcedar Thuja plicata 24 inches
Western hemlock T suga heterophylla 24 inches
T ree not listed in this table Not applicable 24 inches  
or greater
 * Adapted from City of Burien Exceptional T ree List.
Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions continued... Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    22 TOP
Most jurisdictions’ heritage trees are nominated by a T ree Board, city 
staff, or , as with Seattle, a non-profit partnering organization. T rees 
must be nominated with written consent from the property owner . Once 
approved, heritage trees are typically listed in a Heritage T ree registry. 
Similar to the nomination process, removal of a heritage tree must also 
go through an approval hearing, although most codes do not explicitly 
include removal processes for heritage trees.
T en King County jurisdictions and King County define heritage tree 
criteria within their municipal code and most require increased levels of 
protection compared to other significant trees. Of these, the cities of 
Covington, Issaquah, and Sammamish establish minimum trunk diameter 
thresholds for heritage trees within their code. Burien’s heritage tree 
criteria apply broadly to cultural, aesthetic, ethnic, archeological, historic, 
political, and economic significance. Sammamish offers incentives to 
permanently preserve heritage trees by awarding greater retention 
credits with development. Of the select nationwide jurisdictions, two 
include heritage trees directly within their tree ordinance, and two 
incorporate landmark tree regulations that are more along the lines of the 
heritage tree process seen on a local level in King County. 
4.3:  Element 3: T ree Retention and Replacement 
The need to provide retention and replacement regulations for trees 
on private property is two-fold: 1) The majority of the urban forest is 
located on private property and 2) Private properties are experiencing 
the highest rates of development, driven in part by the regional need 
for additional housing. T o preserve existing canopy cover and allow 
for development, tree codes should include retention thresholds, 
protections for existing trees, and replacement standards.  It is also 
important that tree retention and replacement be measured and 
tracked over time. Quantifying on-site trees alone is not enough to 
ensure trees providing high ecological value are preserved or that 
retained trees survive long-term after construction is completed. 
Therefore, the quantification of trees should be paired with retention 
priorities and tree protection standards during development.
Important components of T ree Retention and Replacement include:
• Methods for Quantifying T ree Retention
• T ree Retention Priorities
• T ree Protection during Development
• Replacement T ree Standards
Methods for Quantifying T ree Retention
T o determine the level of tree retention and replacement requirements, 
different methodologies are utilized on a local level throughout the 
County and vary nationwide. Commonly used methods for quantifying 
tree retention and replacement include:
• Canopy cover 
• Count or percent of total trees 
• T ree density credit
Within these methodologies, there is variation in application and 
implementation based on other development and landscaping codes, 
community priorities, and programmatic and staffing resources. 
Each method has cost implications to both the jurisdiction and the 
applicant, which vary based on the level of in-house permit project 
review and/or urban forestry expertise of the staff. Having qualified 
professionals involved in tree retention efforts is critical, much 
like having wetland specialists involved in administering critical 
areas ordinances is necessary. The following discussion describes 
the commonly used methods and some of the advantages and 
disadvantages of each. With all methods, development triggers the 
need for a site to be brought into compliance with tree retention 
requirements. The development threshold should be specified by the 
municipality. If a lot doesn’t contain enough existing trees to meet 
tree retention requirements before development activities, then 
supplemental tree plantings should be required. 
Element 2: Regulated T ree Definitions continued...
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    23 TOP
THE CANOPY COVER
One methodology used to set minimum tree retention and 
replacement standards is the “canopy-based approach. ” Using this 
approach, tree canopy is determined by measuring the canopy 
cover provided by existing trees to be retained on the site and the 
anticipated canopy rating of replacement trees at a 20-year or 30-
year mark. Canopy cover goals, or requirements, can be established by 
lot size and/or by land use zone and development type (for example, 
single-family, multi-family, commercial, and industrial) and are typically 
stated as a percent area that ranges anywhere from 28 percent on 
smaller lots in Lake Forest Park to 68 percent for lots in the Tibbets 
Creek Valley subarea in Issaquah. Jurisdictions using this approach 
utilize various tools for calculating a lot’s canopy cover , such as city 
GIS data or applications like iT ree.33  It is important to note that while 
canopy cover is calculated using the gross lot area, it does not include 
canopies from off-site trees, trees in public rights-of-way, or invasive 
species unless otherwise specified. 
Jurisdictional T rends
The canopy-based approach is currently used by a limited number of 
King County jurisdictions, including Issaquah, Lake Forest Park, and 
Maple Valley. These cities allow canopy cover requirements to be met 
through a combination of canopy cover provided by existing trees and 
the projected canopy cover of replacement trees. The City of Lake 
Forest Park provides a replacement tree species list that includes the 
projected canopy area of various tree species at 30 years of maturity.
Nationally, the City of Decatur has been using a canopy-based approach 
since at least 2014. Under Decatur’s tree ordinance, trees are assigned 
to a canopy size category—very small, small, medium, and large—based 
on the square footage and crown diameter of the tree’s canopy upon 
maturity. Canopy cover requirements can only be met through the 
retention of existing trees on-site. In the event a site does not contain 
the minimum required tree canopy prior to development activities, 
supplemental plantings must be used to meet the lot’s required canopy 
percentage. New trees receive a partial credit at the time of planting 
based on the “canopy cover potential” for the species at maturity.
T ABLE 4. Advantages and Disadvantages to ‘The Canopy Cover’ Approach
Advantages Disadvantages
Canopy can be assessed in a desktop 
exercise using aerial imagery or field 
assessment
Uncertainty in aerial imagery of projected canopy cover
Reliance on GIS tools
Canopy cover potential for replacement trees is a future projection based on tree size or species that 
may or may not be the reality based on environmental and site factors
It can be cost-effective for heavily 
treed sites
Subjectivity of canopies from off-site sources (such as trees located near property lines and public 
rights-of-way) and invasive tree species
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    24 TOP
Gross site area = 12,500 SF
Zoning = Single-family residential
Required Canopy Cover 
Percentage = 39%
Quantifying On-Site T ree 
Canopy using the Canopy 
Cover Method
SCENARIO IN LAKE FOREST PARK:  
The landowner of a 12,500 square foot (SF) 
undeveloped lot in a single-family residential zone 
would like to build a new home. The required canopy 
cover for a lot undergoing development that is 
between 10,000 – 15,000 SF in a single-family 
residential zone is 39%. Therefore, for the 12,500 
SF lot, the canopy cover required is 4,875 SF .
Steps to calculate required tree retention  
and replacement: 
1. T o calculate existing canopy, measure canopy 
radius (r) for each tree to be retained and 
calculate existing canopy area using πr2.
2. Divide the sum of the tree canopy areas by the 
gross site area to get the percent of existing 
canopy coverage: (1963+707+452+79+79+79) / 
12,500 SF) = .27 or 27%.
RESUL TS: 
• The site currently has 27% canopy cover or 
3,375 square feet of existing tree canopy 
cover. 
• Therefore, the site needs an  additional 12 
percent of canopy cover to meet the required 
minimum.
25’
12’
15’
5’
5’
5’
0’ 5’ 10’                    25’

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    25 TOP
Using Projected T ree Canopy to  
Meet Canopy Cover Requirements
SCENARIO IN LAKE FOREST PARK: 
• The Lake Forest Park site needs an additional 12% or 1,500 square 
feet of canopy to meet the required canopy cover of 39% for lots 
between 10,000 and 15,000 square feet.
• Using the T ree List provided by the City, the applicant must select 
tree species that together will provide 1,500 SF of canopy area.
As an example, this could be achieved by planting one (1) black 
hawthorn, three (3) flowering crabapples, and one (1) Incense 
cedar , for a total of 1,552 SF of additional canopy cover . The 
required canopy cover is achieved through both tree retention and 
replacement totaling 4,927 SF or 39% canopy cover.
Species Quantity Canopy area  
(at 30 years maturity)
Black hawthorn (Crataegus douglasii) 1 314 SF
Flowering crabapple (Malus spp.) 3 177 SF
Incense cedar (Calocedrus decurrens) 1 707 SF
Quantifying On-Site T ree Canopy using the Canopy Cover Method continued...
Photo credit: T omoko Uji
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    26 TOP
COUNT OR PERCENT OF TOT AL TREES  
Some jurisdictions set retention requirements using a count or 
percentage of total significant trees on a site. These methods alone 
are generally less effective at retaining existing tree canopies because 
they do not account for individual tree sizes, such as diameter or 
canopy radius unless other retention requirements are specified 
elsewhere in the code. For example, a six-inch maple is given the same 
weight and “value” as a 24-inch Douglas fir tree. 
Jurisdictional T rends
The municipalities of Black Diamond, Carnation, Redmond, 
Sammamish, Mercer Island, Renton, and Shoreline are examples 
in which retention is calculated by the total number or percentage 
of individual significant trees in the developable area of a site. T ree 
retention in King County UUAs is regulated using the percentage of 
total trees or number of trees per acre and further divided by separate 
interior and perimeter requirements. 
T ABLE 5. Advantages and Disadvantages to ‘Count or Percent  
of T otal T rees’ Approach
Advantages Disadvantages
Simplicity of calculation
Does not account for individual trees of 
different sizes.
Does not provide greater protections or 
value to larger-diameter trees
TREE DENSITY CREDIT METHOD
A commonly used approach is the “tree density credit” method, which 
regulates tree retention based on the diameter of individual trees 
and assigns more credit when larger trees are retained. T ree density 
consists of existing trees, replacement trees, or a combination of both. 
T ree Density Credit models are similar to a timber stocking level that 
quantifies density based on the trunk diameter (DBH) of existing trees. 
This is considered a general indicator of tree size and canopy cover over 
time. Parcels within the city or specific land use zones will then have 
specific minimum tree density credits that must be met. During the 
permit review, the existing tree credits are calculated based on trees 
proposed for retention versus those proposed for removal.
T ree density credit methods are commonly used due to the ease of 
data collection regardless of expertise. In addition, tree diameter by 
species can be used as a correlation for canopy, age, and ultimate size 
when assessing retention values for specific species. A challenge of 
using a tree credit system is that without clear instructions or a “user 
guide, ” code language can be difficult to interpret and understand 
for the layperson, whether that individual is a member of city staff 
or an applicant. Instructions for implementing this method and how 
it applies to permit review should be provided to planning staff and 
published on the city website. 
Jurisdictional T rends
Nine King County jurisdictions use some variation of this method, 
including Burien, Kirkland, Kenmore, Kent, Medina, North Bend, Renton, 
Woodinville, and Y arrow Point. Of the jurisdictions researched outside of 
King County, Amelia Island, and Olympia utilize a tree credit method. A 
less frequently used method for quantifying tree retention is the percent 
of total diameter inches. This method allows the permit applicant to 
measure the diameter of each tree and then retain a percentage of the 
sum of all diameter inches. The City of Bothell regulates tree retention 
using a percent of the total diameter inches on a site. 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    27 TOP
T ree DBH 6-10”
Larger than 10”  
and up to 14”
Larger than 14”  
and up to 18”
Larger than 18”  
and up to 22”
Larger than 22”  
and up to 26”
Larger than 26”  
and up to 30”
Larger than 30” 
or greater and all 
exceptional trees
Credit Per T ree 1 2 3 4 5 7 9
Burien (BMC 19.26) requires a minimum tree density credit to be 
maintained on each lot regardless of development status. The 
construction of new structures or additions greater than 500 square 
feet triggers the requirement for the lot to be brought into compliance 
with the required minimum tree credits. For single-family and 
multi-family developments, one tree credit per 1,000 square feet of 
developable area is required, while 0.15 tree credits per 1,000 square 
feet are required for commercial, industrial, or non-residential lots. 
The code also includes a provision that requires tree credits to first 
be met through the retention of existing trees and secondly using 
replacement trees. 
T ABLE 6. Advantages and Disadvantages of the  
‘Density Credit’ Approach
Advantages Disadvantages
Does not require access to up-
to-date aerial imagery Code language can be difficult to 
interpret for staff and applicantsT runk size is easily quantifiable
DBH measurement is correlated 
to canopy, age, and size Requires additional guidance and 
educational materialsMany jurisdictions have tree 
credit systems in place
Quantifying On-Site T rees using the  
T ree Density Credit Method 
SCENARIO IN BURIEN:  
The landowner of a 6,600 square foot (SF) lot is proposing to 
construct a new single-family residence. The required minimum 
tree credits for single-family development is one (1) credit per 
1,000 square feet of developable area.
Steps to calculate required tree retention and replacement: 
1. Calculate developable (or buildable) area, as defined by the jurisdiction. 
In Burien, this means taking the gross lot size and subtracting the square 
footage of on-site critical areas and associated buffers, public streets and 
trails, shared driveways, and private PUD streets. The developable area of 
the sample lot is 6,600 SF .
2. Calculate minimum tree credits. This is done by taking the developable area 
and dividing it by 1,000: (6,600 SF / 1,000 SF = 6.6 credits, rounded up to 7.
3. Calculate existing tree credits using the tree credit table  
(BMC 19.26, T able 19.26.050-2 T ree Credits).
EXISTING TREE CREDITS
T ree Density Credit Method continued...
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    28 TOP
RESUL TS:
• The site has six (6) existing tree credits from the three trees on-site 
and is required to retain these trees to meet the minimum credits.
• Therefore, one (1) supplemental tree is required to meet the 
minimum seven (7) tree credits.
• The applicant can plant one 2” caliper deciduous tree worth one 
(1) tree credit or one 6-foot-tall evergreen tree worth two (2) tree 
credits, which would exceed the minimum required credits. 
Quantifying On-Site 
T rees using the T ree 
Density Credit Method
16”= 3 credits
6”= 1 credit
12”= 2 credits
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    29 TOP
T ree Retention Priorities
In addition to quantitative and qualitative tree retention requirements, 
priorities should also be established to ensure that mature, 
ecologically significant trees are retained, and the loss of mature 
canopy is prevented whenever possible. Although it is important to 
retain significant trees wherever feasible on-site for long-term health 
and viability, codes that include specific retention priorities provide an 
opportunity to protect those tree(s) that contribute a diverse canopy 
assemblage and ecosystem service benefits. Both larger-diameter 
trees and grove trees provide more ecological benefits to the urban 
forest than a single, smaller-sized tree. Eighteen King County 
jurisdictions set retention priorities for existing significant trees.  
Of the jurisdictions reviewed nationwide, retention priorities are 
included less frequently but are outlined in Olympia’s tree code.
High retention priorities often include the following:
• Grove trees
• Large diameter or special designation trees  
(for example, Landmark, Exceptional, and Heritage)
• Native conifer species
• Location (for example, yard setbacks or perimeters landscaping, 
and critical areas)
Establishing retention priorities requires providing clear definitions for 
landmark trees, grove trees, and native conifer species within the tree 
protection ordinance.
T ree Protection During Development
Retained trees must be adequately protected from construction 
impacts to ensure long-term survival. Impacts can include root 
loss, damage to branches, roots, and trunks, soil contamination, or 
compaction, which reduces oxygen and water availability. Evidence 
of any injury is often not visible for several years; affected trees may 
gradually decline and eventually fail as a result of impacts. 34  
Because root growth is often asymmetric and varies by site 
conditions, code requirements for prescriptive root protection may 
be insufficient in providing adequate tree protection on restricted 
space development sites. T raditionally, the methods for determining 
the extent of tree protection included the critical root zone (CRZ) 
formula, dripline, on-site root excavations, etc., determined by a 
qualified professional 35. Recently, the standards and best practices for 
establishing tree protection boundaries have been revised, rendering 
the familiar CRZ and limits of disturbance (LOD) terms obsolete, 
although many cities have codified these terms and methods. 
Ultimately, the jurisdiction will need to ensure the proposed tree 
protection zone (TPZ) is adequate during permit review. 
Ideally, best management practices would follow American National 
Standards (ANSI) for the management of trees and shrubs during 
development. 36 This could include the requirement for alternative 
construction methods to be employed, such as cantilevering over 
TPZs, air spading to detect the presence of large structural roots, and 
tunneling below structural roots, to prevent damage to significant 
trees being retained. T ree protection measures should include 
tree protection fencing and signage around the TPZ, as well as the 
prohibition of certain activities within the CRZ of the tree, such as 
materials storage, clearing and grading, and construction access. 
Replacement T ree Quantities and Standards
In the interest of establishing future tree canopy and mitigating the 
loss of removed trees, tree replacement should be required. Almost 
all jurisdictions within King County that have tree regulations in 
place require some sort of tree replacement standards. This is also 
the case for nationwide cities. The approach to tree replacement 
standards is driven by tree retention requirements and is generally 
triggered when a site under development does not meet the 
minimum required tree credits, percent canopy cover , or other tree 
retention standards. Some jurisdictions require a standard 1:1 ratio, 
meaning one supplemental tree is required to be planted on-site 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    30 TOP
for every tree removed. T wo nationwide cities, Rocklin (California) 
and Decatur (Georgia) collect mitigation and canopy loss fees for 
healthy significant trees removed beyond the minimum retention 
requirements. This practice discourages applicants from simply 
meeting minimum requirements and removing other healthy trees 
that provide valuable canopy cover .
Ideally, tree retention and replacement standards would be structured 
based on the size (DBH) and species of the trees removed rather than 
simply a 1:1 ratio. As mentioned previously, the removal of a landmark 
tree should be required to have additional replacement ratios and species 
requirements. For example, a 24-inch diameter western redcedar that 
is removed would ideally not be replaced on a one-to-one ratio with 
a deciduous dwarf ornamental cherry. At maturity, the cherry would 
not replace the ecological values provided by the conifer . Jurisdictions 
such as Issaquah and Kirkland require a 2:1 or 3:1 replacement ratio for 
landmark tree removal. 
T o ensure that the trees being removed, and long-term canopy 
benefits are adequately replaced, several important factors should be 
incorporated into tree replacement standards, including size, species, and 
location. These factors are discussed in detail below. 
REPLACEMENT TREE SPECIES  
Growing healthy full-sized canopy trees in the built environment 
requires careful consideration of optimal growing conditions by 
species, proper planting practices, and protection of infrastructure 
(for example, buildings, utilities, driveways, sidewalks, and fences). 
Whenever feasible, the retention of native conifer species, such 
as Douglas fir , western redcedar , and western hemlock should be 
prioritized, and their removal should ideally be replaced in-kind. 
Although deciduous trees, small ornamental trees, and fruit trees do 
provide some valuable canopy cover , they do not offer the same level 
of year-round ecosystem service benefits that conifers provide in 
Western Washington. 
Additionally, species selection and recommendations should be 
informed by current trends in the region’s changing climate. The 
University of Washington Climate Impacts Group predicts that Western 
Washington will likely see increasingly drier conditions and higher 
temperatures during the summer months, with potential increases in 
precipitation during the winter months. 37 This increases stressors on 
urban trees such as drought, insect, and tree disease outbreaks. 
APPROVED TREES
The more guidance a jurisdiction can provide to applicants, the easier 
the implementation and review process will be. A thorough tree 
protection ordinance will refer to approved and prohibited tree lists 
and have supplemental materials available online. Several King County 
jurisdictions have approved tree lists. Examples of these are included 
in Appendix G. Providing a list of replacement tree species can help 
alleviate confusion and ensure trees are planted utilizing the ‘right 
tree, right place’ approach. 
For those jurisdictions with a Landmark tree element in their 
regulations, a separate landmark tree mitigation list is ideal to 
ensure the loss of mature native conifer tree canopy is adequately 
compensated. See Appendix G to see an example of this from the  
City of Kirkland. 
PROHIBITED TREES  
Additionally, providing a prohibited tree list that includes trees known 
to be weedy or invasive such as the tree of heaven (Ailanthus altissima)  
and English holly (Ilex aquifolium), or trees that may be undesirable in 
urban settings, such as red alder and black cottonwood, would provide 
further guidance. While useful, tree lists are subject to change and will 
need to be routinely reviewed and updated to ensure they are using 
the best available science, climate adaptation recommendations, and 
updated noxious weed classifications.

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    31 TOP
Replacement standards should further include provisions prohibiting 
trees planted to form a hedge and Thuja/ Arborvitae species (or other 
slow-growing conifers) from counting toward replacement or tree 
density standards. Not explicitly prohibiting hedges from counting 
toward these standards has led to an excess of Thuja/ Arborvitae 
hedges being planted as replacement trees in several jurisdictions. 
These species do not provide habitat functions or significant 
ecosystem benefits equivalent to mature native trees. 
REPLACEMENT TREE SIZE
Most jurisdictions include minimum size standards for replacement 
trees, including Kirkland, Issaquah, Sammamish, Enumclaw, Redmond, 
and Burien. Nationwide, most jurisdictions reviewed also included 
minimum size requirements for replacement trees. The common 
minimum replacement size for deciduous trees is a 1 to 2-inch 
caliper and 6 to 8 feet in height for conifer trees. Replacement size 
specifications are typically based on the latest standards outlined in 
the American Standard for Nursery Stock (ANSI Z60. 1-2014). 38 A tree 
protection ordinance should specify minimum size requirements to 
be met to count as a replacement tree and/or toward tree credits or 
canopy requirements.
LOCA TION
Ideally, replacement trees are planted on-site to maintain tree canopy 
within that land use area. T o ensure that the intent of replacement 
trees is met, best practices would include establishing a priority list 
of on-site replanting locations. Priorities for on-site tree planting 
typically include:
• Perimeter areas, setbacks, or transition zones; 
• Areas adjacent to existing tree groves; and
• Areas adjacent to or within critical area buffers. 
In the event on-site planting is not feasible, some jurisdictions include 
an option for off-site planting locations. However , replacement 
standards include little to no information about applicability and site 
selection rationale and there are many hurdles when it comes to 
implementation of this practice. These include but are not limited 
to 1) the time and cost associated with tracking replacement tree 
plantings in off-site locations and 2) the challenges of maintenance 
and monitoring of the new plantings. 
FEE-IN-LIEU
An alternative to on-site and off-site planting is fee-in-lieu, usually 
exercised when the first two options have been exhausted. Fee-in-
lieu would ideally only be offered in scenarios where replacement 
trees cannot be planted on-site due to inadequate spacing, existing 
conditions, or other extenuating circumstances. The option should 
be prefaced with a statement that specifies the priority for on-
site replacement trees to prevent applicants from excessively and 
unnecessarily “buying” tree credits rather than replanting. T ypically, 
funds collected go toward a city tree account generated for planting 
trees at designated sites within the city or toward other urban 
forestry-related expenses. 
Jurisdictional T rends
Nineteen King County jurisdictions offer a fee-in-lieu option for 
replacement trees, including Black Diamond, Burien, Covington, 
Redmond, Renton, Des Moines, Kirkland, Seattle, T ukwila, and 
Woodinville to name a few. Most of the jurisdictions researched 
nationally offer a fee-in-lieu option. Fixed fee prices factor in the cost 
per tree (using a tree appraisal system), market rate installation costs, 
maintenance, and fund administration. Ultimately, the jurisdiction 
will need to set a price per tree credit and allocate what the collected 
funds will go toward.

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    32 TOP
4.4:  Element 4: Property Owner T ree  
           Removals Without Development 
Regulating tree removal activity where no development activity is 
proposed presents several distinct issues. One challenge is balancing 
the rights of individual property owners with the community benefits 
that trees provide. Banning tree removal outright would constitute 
taking or denying the right to reasonable use of one’s property. 
The ability of a jurisdiction to administer and enforce limitations to 
property owner tree removal will largely depend on the funding and 
staff resources of that jurisdiction and the community’s commitment 
to protecting tree canopy cover on private property. Public education 
on code and permitting requirements is crucial to ensure that 
residents understand their responsibilities and rights when it comes 
to tree removal on private property. 
Jurisdictional T rends
Of the jurisdictions that regulate trees on private property, the 
requirement for a tree removal permit varies, both locally and 
nationwide. Non-development scenarios that are typically exempt 
from permit requirements include annual removal allowances, 
standalone tree removal, emergency/hazard tree removal, and 
nuisance tree removal. Few jurisdictions have definitions and 
processes established in their code for nuisance tree removals. Clear 
definitions of what constitutes a hazard tree and a nuisance tree 
should be established, as well as appropriate levels of documentation. 
Most jurisdictions allow for some significant tree removal when 
the proposed removal is not associated with development activity. 
Sixteen jurisdictions have tree removal allowances in their codes, 
where a predetermined number of trees can be removed without a 
permit in a given timeframe. For example, the City of Burien allows 
one tree to be removed per calendar year , while the City of Covington 
allows up to three trees to be removed on lots less than 7,200 square 
feet, up to a maximum of six trees for larger lot sizes within 36 
months. Note that exempt tree removal allowances vary greatly and 
may depend on several factors, such as the number of trees allowed 
to be removed per lot size and frequency of removal requests. The 
majority of King County municipalities surveyed reported that they 
process approximately 25 non-development tree removal requests 
annually, however , each removal incident could equate to multiple 
trees, depending on the allowance rate. Regardless of the permit or 
notification process, the advantages of establishing tree removal 
limitations are:
• Municipalities can track tree removal activity, where otherwise 
periodic tree canopy analysis would be the only manner to monitor 
canopy gains or loss. 
• Even if property owners can eventually remove every tree on the 
lot under an allowance process, limited tree removals effectively 
slow the loss of canopy cover over time.
• Replacement requirements ensure removals are mitigated, 
especially if removal thresholds are exceeded.  
• Promote forest conservation practices on larger , significantly 
wooded lots with forest stewardship plan options for forest 
thinning and replanting, like traditional stand management.  
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    33 TOP
1. Permit Application
2. Arborist Report
3. Site Plan
 » Location of all proposed improvements and existing 
improvements within the project area.
 » Location of proposed utilities.
 » Surveyed location of existing regulated trees on-site, 
with labels corresponding to the inventory provided in 
the Arborist Report.
 » Approximate trunk location of off-site trees with 
CRZs extending onto the subject property.
 » CRZ of existing trees on-site.
4. T ree Retention or T ree Protection Plan
 » Inventory of existing regulated trees on-site and any 
regulated trees on adjacent properties with CRZs 
extending onto the subject property.
 » DBH of existing trees.
 » CRZ drawn to scale for all existing regulated trees.
 » TPZ (location of tree protection fencing).
 » Proposed tree removals.
 » Location, size, and species of replacement tree 
plantings.
 » Mitigation measures or alternative methods 
proposed to protect existing trees.
Common Permit Requirements
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    34 TOP
4.5:  Element 5: Permitting Requirements
T ree removals associated with development are generally reviewed 
by municipalities as part of the development permit application 
itself; however , some jurisdictions like Medina require a separate 
tree removal permit application in addition to a development permit. 
Permit requirements vary greatly across local jurisdictions. Explicitly 
identifying components to be included with each submittal will ensure 
consistency and assist with ease of review for staff. 
Site Plans
Seventy-one percent of King County jurisdictions require site plans 
or tree protection and replacement plans with tree removal permit 
applications. With any plan submitted for review, significant trees should 
be identified according to surveyed locations, with canopies drawn to 
scale. T rees to be retained and removed should be marked, and any 
landmark or grove trees on-site should be identified consistent with 
definitions. Plans should also include the CRZ of all significant trees, 
which can be estimated by using the dripline but often extends beyond 
that. In addition to the CRZ, the LOD and TPZ should be shown and 
clearly distinguished from the CRZ given that they are often not the 
same. T ree protection measures such as fencing and signage locations, 
application of mulch or wood chips, a requirement for project arborist 
monitoring during construction, and/or other alternative methods 
should also be incorporated into site plans and tree retention plans. 
Arborist Report
Requiring an arborist report prepared by a qualified professional 
to accompany permit applications is a trend seen in jurisdictions 
with recently updated tree regulations. The report should include 
components such as a tree inventory, tree protection plan, and tree 
replacement plan, a timeline for implementing protection and/or 
replacement, and discuss any impacts to significant trees. Several 
QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL
One example from Burien’s recent tree preservation code 
update (BMC 19.10.432) reads as follows:
“Qualified T ree Professional”:  A qualified tree professional is: An 
individual with relevant education and training in arboriculture or 
urban forestry , having the International Society of Arboriculture 
(ISA) T ree Risk Assessment Qualification (TRAQ) and one of the 
following credentials:
I.     ISA Certified Arborist;
II.    ISA Certified Arborist Municipal Specialist;
III. ISA Board Certified Master Arborist;
IV . American Society of Consulting Arborists (ASCA) Registered 
Consulting Arborist (RCA);
V . Society of American Foresters (SAF) Certified Forester for 
forest management plans.
A qualified arborist must also be able to prescribe appropriate 
measures for the preservation of trees during land 
development. Any provision in this title referring to using an 
arborist or qualified arborist or tree professional or qualified 
professional shall be interpreted to require using a qualified 
tree professional.
jurisdictions have added more detailed requirements for the 
arborists conducting tree inventories, evaluating tree health and 
risk, and developing tree protection plans. Example requirements 
can be found in the City of Mercer Island City Code MICC 19.16.010  
or the City of Burien BMC 19.10.432. 
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    35 TOP
4.6:  Additional Considerations
Staffing and Resource Considerations
A jurisdiction’s staff capacity and resources to administer the tree 
regulations will impact code effectiveness and ultimately, whether 
the code achieves its intent and purpose. Depending on the code 
complexity and permitting requirements, review for development 
permits may include tree retention and protection plans, civil plans, 
landscape plans, and arborist reports. 
How municipal urban forestry programs are organized and how they 
staff their programs varies greatly. 39 Ideally, the staff that is evaluating 
urban forestry-related permit applications should have some 
background in arboriculture or horticulture, understand the impacts 
of construction activities (excavation, trenching, etc.) on tree roots 
and tree health, and determine if tree protection and replacement 
trees are suitable to the proposed location. The ability to understand 
and interpret site plans is critical, especially as they pertain to the 
construction impacts on retained trees. 
However , not all municipalities have the funding for such a position 
and rely on land use planners to evaluate tree requirements. It is even 
more important for those without in-house arboriculture expertise to 
require a sound Arborist Report prepared by a qualified professional 
that provides accurate information and an overall assessment of 
the trees. This in turn will reduce the burden placed on Planning staff 
during reviews. 
Maintenance requirements
T wenty-five local jurisdictions include maintenance requirements 
for trees planted as part of the permit process. Of the jurisdictions 
reviewed in the nationwide research, most jurisdictions explicitly 
require maintenance of replacement tree plantings in the code 
ranging from one year to the lifetime of the project, while three cities 
require a performance bond or recorded covenant as a condition of 
permit issuance. Eleven King County jurisdictions require a security 
assurance or performance bond. While maintenance requirements 
can pose an enforcement and monitoring challenge, it is an important 
aspect that is often overlooked. Requiring replacement trees to 
be maintained for the lifetime of the project is ideal to encourage 
applicants to care for the trees and ensure that canopy cover and 
ecological value are being adequately replaced.
Incentives 
Offering incentives to retain significant trees can encourage 
applicants to consider trees at the early stages of the design process 
and to retain large, mature trees or groves of trees. Incentives 
can include deviations from zoning requirements, such as parking 
regulations, setbacks, or height allowances, and could also include 
reduced or waived permit fees and expedited review times. Of the 
King County municipalities with tree regulations, 51 percent offer 
incentives or some form of ‘alternative design option’ to encourage 
the retention of significant trees. Five out of the seven national 
jurisdictions reviewed offered incentives. 
Incentives will be specific to the jurisdiction and will likely depend on 
requirements outlined in other code sections, as well as community 
input. For example, the City of Burien underwent a major code update 
in 2022, which included incentives to preserve exceptional trees. 
Examples include: 
• An increased building coverage by 20 percent; 
• Up to a 10-foot reduction of the front setback; 
• Additional 10 feet in height for uses other than single-family 
residential; and 
• Parking reductions. 
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    36 TOP
However , the City noted during their interview that the incentives are 
not used by applicants. A further investigation across municipalities 
with incentives would help determine if incentives are an effective 
component of tree regulations and mature canopy preservation.
An alternative to offering departures from development code 
provisions include:
• Assigning additional credit to larger trees that are retained; 
• Reducing permitting fees; and 
• Expediting permit reviews. 
The City of Amelia Island (Florida) assigns tree preservation credits 
for trees to be retained based on diameter at breast height. For 
example, trees with a DBH between 24.1 and 38 inches receive a 125 
percent preservation credit, which in turn is used to reduce overall 
tree replacement requirements. The City of Rocklin (California) offers 
expedited review times and deferred mitigation and capital facility fees 
for up to 12 months for projects saving a percentage of native oak trees.
Enforcement
Enforcement generally covers penalties for unpermitted tree removal 
activities and violations of tree regulations, as well as ensuring 
compliance with approved plans. Penalties often include civil fines 
and required mitigation planting. Sixty-seven percent of King County 
jurisdictions require some form of mitigation, while 49 percent have civil 
penalties for tree removal violations. While equity must play a factor 
in enforcement measures, the penalties for removing significant trees 
without a permit should be high enough to discourage the practice of 
knowingly removing trees and paying fines. Enforcement should be 
tracked and repeat offenders should have increased penalties.
Maintenance and Monitoring
T o ensure applicants are retaining and replanting trees according 
to approved site or landscape plans, pre- and post-construction 
monitoring is recommended. T ree maintenance and post-construction 
monitoring is an area that is often lacking in tree regulations and 
ultimately makes it difficult to measure the effectiveness of an 
ordinance. Costs to fund these activities are often a limiting factor . 
Some jurisdictions require pre-construction inspections to ensure tree 
protection measures are in place for retained trees and that trees have 
been removed and/or retained according to approved plans. Permit 
issuance can be contingent upon passing such an inspection. The City 
of Kirkland is an example of a jurisdiction that implements this practice.
4.6: Additional Considerations continued...
Photo credit: David Wirzba
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
4. Model T ree Regulation Elements   /    37 TOP
Equity and Economic Burden
Addressing equity concerns related to tree removal regulations is 
essential to ensure that all residents have equal access to the benefits 
and opportunities provided by urban and community forests. For 
example, it is important to consider that the cost of assessing and 
removing a hazardous tree disproportionately burdens residents 
with fixed or low incomes. While assessing equity in urban forest 
policies and regulations was not included in the scope of this project 
King County and the Urban Forestry Forum are exploring avenues 
to provide incentives and financial and technical assistance to help 
address this issue. T o promote equity, municipalities may consider 
implementing the following strategies, recognizing that certain 
approaches may be more feasible for those with heavier resources. 
• Fee Waivers or Assistance Programs. Establish fee waivers or 
financial assistance programs to help lower-income residents 
cover the costs associated with hiring qualified professionals 
for tree assessments and removals. These programs can help 
alleviate the financial burden and support equitable access to 
tree management services.
• Subsidized Services. Partner with local arborist companies or 
non-profit organizations to offer subsidized tree assessment, 
maintenance, hazard tree removal, and replacement services for 
residents in need. Subsidies can help reduce the overall cost of 
tree maintenance and make it more affordable for disadvantaged 
households.
• Equity Assessments. Conduct equity assessments of tree 
removal regulations and associated policies to identify any 
disproportionate impacts on vulnerable or marginalized 
communities. Use the findings to inform policy adjustments and 
ensure that regulatory frameworks are fair and inclusive.
• Community Engagement and Input. Engage directly with 
impacted communities to understand their unique needs and 
concerns related to tree management. Solicit feedback and 
input from residents when developing or revising tree removal 
regulations to ensure that policies reflect community priorities 
and values. 
By implementing these strategies, jurisdictions can work towards 
reducing the economic burden of tree regulations on lower-income 
households and promoting equity in urban forestry management.
4.6: Additional Considerations continued...
Photo credit: T omoko Uji
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
5. Ordinance Update Process   /    38 TOP
5. Ordinance Update Process 
Photo credit: Greg Rosenke
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
5. Ordinance Update Process   /    39 TOP
Washington State gives jurisdictions the statutory authority 
to address complex urban problems of local concern through its 
municipal codes. 40  All tree codes in King County jurisdictions are 
found within a municipal code structure, which may be segregated 
further into critical areas, zoning/land use, landscaping, building/
development, and clearing/grading sections. While it is not always 
feasible to have a consolidated tree ordinance, it is more convenient 
to follow (and comply with) for code users than cross-referencing 
multiple code sections. If possible, we recommend having dedicated 
tree protection regulations within the same chapter or section of 
the municipal code for ease of application and understanding. The 
code adoption or amendment process is typically defined within 
local municipal codes as a “Decision T ype” or “Process” that may be 
shown under land use. Some jurisdictions, including Kirkland, have 
codified a streamlined roster process for minor code amendments 
(no substantive changes to the code), enabling the opportunity to 
regularly assess how the code functions, update the best available 
science and industry standards and achieve greater consistency with 
other policies and codes. 
Based on the information provided by survey and interview participants, 
the project team learned that the primary drivers behind code updates 
include public demand, direction from decision-makers, and challenges 
with administering the current code. In determining how best to 
adopt, amend, or write a tree ordinance, planning staff or consultants 
typically lead efforts in determining the scope and objectives of the 
code updates and facilitating public engagement. Because regulating 
trees on private property is a complex and often controversial topic, 
interviewed cities concur that developing a robust public engagement 
plan is essential. More and more jurisdictions have developed 
frameworks for equitable and inclusive public engagement that include 
some of the following strategies:
Why: When: How: Who: What:
Identify the scope 
and objectives 
of what will be 
achieved by the 
code updates.
Draft a timeline with major milestones 
that include required public hearings, 
planning commission/tree board work 
sessions, public engagement events, city/
town council meetings for initial scoping, 
project updates, and final adoption and 
implementation steps. Be prepared for 
timeline overruns due to unavoidable 
changes to public meeting agendas, 
canceled meetings, prolonged public 
engagement efforts, disparities between 
decision-making bodies, etc. While major-
level code amendments may typically take 
10-12 months, the four interviewed cities 
reported an average code amendment 
duration of four years. 
Identify the appropriate process 
and methods that align with 
staffing capacity/resources. 
Consider any research/data needs 
and conduct a policy gap analysis 
to review existing policies and 
procedures. Identify outreach 
methods such as website content, 
community meetings, surveys, 
social media, publications, mailers, 
open houses, farmer’ s markets/
festivals, etc. to reach the broader 
community and seek insights 
from diverse demographics and 
neighborhoods. 
Identify internal and external 
stakeholders by interest (See T able 
7 on page 41) for community-
driven, equitable development of 
municipal tree codes with subject 
matter expertise and local context. 
Certain state agencies have a 
role in municipal code updates. 
The Washington Department 
of Commerce requires cities to 
follow public noticing rules and 
the Department of Ecology may 
require an environmental impact 
determination through the State 
Environmental Policy Act (SEPA) 
review process. 
Whether starting 
with a short 
list of potential 
code updates 
derived from code 
interpretation issues 
or information 
gathered from 
public feedback 
exercises, at some 
point potential 
code amendments 
become draft 
ordinances.
5.  Ordinance Update Process
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
5. Ordinance Update Process   /    40 TOP
Another primary reason for recent code updates was the need to 
clarify overly complex code language. Code clarity enhances its 
understanding, enables ease of its administration, and lowers the 
risk of due process challenges. The Municipal Research Services 
Center (MRSC) publication Local Ordinances for Washington Cities and 
Counties is an especially helpful resource for writing clear ordinance 
language. 41
When writing code language, staff should internally test the proposed 
code for ease of use. Planning staff (or other review staff) should 
complete a review of application materials and ensure requirements 
are straightforward to verify. When establishing tree density and tree 
retention requirements, it can be helpful to run scenarios using sample 
projects from different land use zones, lot sizes, and development 
types to compare results. For example, when implementing the tree 
credit method, staff should select a variety of lot sizes from different 
land use zones and apply the proposed number of credits per acre (or 
per thousand square feet) to each. Each scenario should be assessed, 
and retention/canopy outcomes should be analyzed on both a 
neighborhood and landscape scale. Ultimately, a methodology that is 
easy to implement and achieves the jurisdiction’s tree retention and 
canopy goals is a successful one.
Photo credit: Y usheng Deng
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
5. Ordinance Update Process   /    41 TOP
T ABLE 7. Internal and External Stakeholders by Interest
Interest Potential Stakeholders
Residents •  Homeowners
•  Renters
Residential property owners
•  Homeowner associations
•  Residential landlords (single and multi-family)
•  Residential property management companies
•  Non-resident homeowners (for example, 2nd/vacation homes)
•  Owners of short-term rentals (for example, Airbnb, VRBO)
Commercial, industrial, and institutional property owners
•  Business owners and operators and their employees
•  Commercial landlords (warehouse, office, service, and industrial)
•  Commercial property management companies
•  Ports
Residential, commercial, industrial, and institutional 
developers
•  Individual construction and development companies
•  Construction and developer advocates and trade organizations
Professional consultants, such as landscape architects, 
foresters, and arborists
•  Companies located in the jurisdiction
•  Companies that serve the jurisdiction
•  Individual consulting companies
•  Industry advocates and trade organizations
T ree-cutting/landscape maintenance companies
•  Companies located in the jurisdiction.
•  Companies that serve the jurisdiction
•  Individual tree-cutting and landscape maintenance companies
•  Industry advocates and trade organizations
T ribes
•  T ribal representatives
•  T ribal employees
•  County tribal liaison
   
  
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
5. Ordinance Update Process   /    42 TOP
T ABLE 7. Internal and External Stakeholders by Interest (cont.)
Interest Potential Stakeholders
Environmental groups
•  T ree and arboricultural advocacy organizations
•  Wildlife groups
•  Land conservancies
•  Climate change advocacy groups
•  Hunting and fishing groups
•  Outdoor recreational advocacy groups
Utility providers
•  Public natural gas/electric, other energy providers
•  Private utility providers
•  Water , sewer , and stormwater services
Economic development groups •  Jurisdiction Chamber of Commerce
•  Master Builders
City leadership
•  Mayor
•  City Council
•  Planning Commission
•  T ree and Parks Boards 
City development review staff
•  Development services staff (planning, environmental)
•  Building department staff
•  T ransportation/engineering staff
City maintenance staff
•  Parks and Recreation Department staff
•  T ransportation and operations department staff
•  Utility department staff
City code enforcement staff
•  Police department staff
•  Community development department staff
•  Building department staff
•  Water resources department staff
•  Utility department staff
   
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
6. Measuring Success   /    43 TOP
6. Measuring Success
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
6. Measuring Success   /    44 TOP
T o assess the effectiveness of tree regulations, metrics of some 
kind must be in place. This is an area often overlooked and likely 
accounts for the lack of data encountered when attempting to define 
an effective tree ordinance. Based on discussions during interviews 
with local city staff, implementing performance measures and 
tracking protocols is often challenging due to resources and funding. 
Y et establishing metrics to measure the effectiveness of tree 
regulations is critical to ensuring tree canopy goals, climate change 
objectives, and other policy drivers are achieving the city’s desired 
goals and outcomes. For example, the City of Decatur (Georgia) 
includes several metrics and timelines within the Intent section of 
their code that include periodic tree canopy studies and a quarterly 
report written by the City Arborist at the end of each calendar 
quarter summarizing tree removals, tree replacement, and additional 
tree plantings. The results of the subsequent actions can be used to 
both inform strategies for mitigation and tree planting efforts as well 
as needed tree regulation updates.
T racking tree retention, removal, and replacement activity with 
permit database systems is an efficient way to regularly analyze 
code outcomes. Alternatively, tracking tree code violations and 
other unauthorized activities such as topping may indicate trends in 
community cooperation or general acceptance of the code. However , 
without boots-on-the-ground data, it is a challenge to gauge the 
effectiveness of tree regulations by tree canopy cover analyses alone. 
This is due to the gradual tree removal and incremental growth of new 
plantings which cannot be detected for several years. Breaking down 
city-wide canopy cover goals into neighborhood or land use/zoning 
area scales may help in gauging code effectiveness and inform tree 
retention and replacement requirements on a lot-by-lot basis. 
T ABLE 8. Strategies for Measuring Success of T ree Regulations
Strategy Considerations
Establish clear 
benchmarks and 
timelines for 
assessment 
This will vary by the jurisdiction’s resources 
and staffing capacity as well as the type of 
assessment conducted. Benchmarks can 
be based on goals outlined in the urban 
forestry management plan or related 
policies.
Evaluate 
development and/or 
tree removal permits 
Accounting of tree removals and 
replacement.
Code enforcement 
audits
Assessment of tree-related code violations 
tracking the number of incidents, 
outcomes, and mitigation efforts. 
Community surveys 
Online and in-person surveys to assess 
public interest and understanding of tree 
regulations and urban forestry efforts.
Programmatic and 
staff capacity 
This could include an analysis of the budget 
and costs associated with administering 
the tree code as well as gathering input 
from planners and municipal arborists on 
administrative challenges to implementing 
the code.
Periodic canopy 
studies
Conduct a study every 5 to 10 years based 
on city resources to track city-scale trends 
in urban tree canopy.
6. Measuring Success
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
7. Implementation   /    45 TOP
7. Implementation 
7.1: Staff T raining and Administration ...............................46
7.2: Providing T echnical Assistance and Resources .......... 46
7.3: Public Outreach and Education ................................... 46
7.4: Evaluation and Adaptation .......................................... 47
Photo credit: Joel Jasmin
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
7. Implementation   /    46 TOP
The adoption of new tree regulations can present significant 
challenges for jurisdictions administering the regulations 
effectively, as well as for its stakeholders in terms of understanding 
and applying the regulations. Here we discuss some of the key 
hurdles and potential strategies for overcoming them:
7.1: Staff T raining and Administration
The key to any successful regulation starts at the top with 
administration. It can be challenging for staff to thoroughly 
understand new regulations, particularly those without arboriculture 
expertise such as planners, code enforcement, or other departmental 
staff conducting development reviews. T raining sessions for staff and 
educational materials that address frequently asked questions and 
common scenarios may be required. New regulations may also require 
an update to existing processes and procedures for permitting, site 
plan review, and enforcement. This could involve revising application 
forms, checklists, and documentation requirements to align with the 
new regulations.
7.2: Providing T echnical Assistance and Resources 
Property owners, developers, and arboriculture/landscape 
professionals may require technical assistance to comply with the new 
regulations. Jurisdictions can offer guidance, resources, and support 
to help stakeholders understand their obligations and navigate the 
regulatory process effectively. Ideally, educational materials would 
be publicly available online and provided in several languages so that 
all residents can have access to them. Internal staff should also be 
able to articulate the regulations during in-person discussions or 
phone calls. Jurisdictions must ensure consistency and fairness in the 
administration of tree regulations to avoid confusion and potential 
conflicts. During code development and implementation, it will be 
essential to establish clear guidelines, criteria, and decision-making 
processes to promote transparency and equity. 
7.3: Public Outreach and Education
Public outreach and education are essential to raising awareness 
about the new tree regulations and their importance for achieving 
urban forestry goals. Jurisdictions can use various outreach channels, 
such as websites, social media, workshops, and community meetings, 
to engage with residents and stakeholders. For communities with 
diverse ethnicities, the translation of documents and interpreters 
should be readily available to ensure equality. The jurisdictions 
interviewed indicated the importance of early collaboration with 
stakeholder groups, such as non-profit organizations and developers, 
to solicit feedback and input on proposed tree regulations. 
Collaborative efforts can lead to a smoother adoption process and 
potentially avoid conflicts.
7. Implementation
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
7. Implementation   /    47 TOP
7.4: Evaluation and Adaptation: 
Periodic evaluation of the effectiveness of the regulations is crucial 
to identify any shortcomings or areas for improvement. Metrics 
to measure the effectiveness of the regulations and a timeline for 
review should be established in the ordinance and code language. 
The City of Decatur’s Intent section of its code is a primary example 
of an ordinance that does this well. While there are currently no 
King County jurisdictions that provide this language, incorporating 
such statements would ensure data is captured and would also hold 
the jurisdiction accountable to the timeline. Jurisdictions should 
be prepared to adapt the regulations based on feedback, emerging 
issues, and changing circumstances over time. By addressing 
these challenges proactively and collaboratively, jurisdictions can 
successfully implement new tree regulations and achieve their 
objectives of protecting trees on private land and preserving city-
wide canopy cover , while also balancing the competing demands of 
sustainable development. 
Through both the survey and interviews conducted for this project, 
jurisdictions shared their challenges, lessons learned, and educational 
strategies and resources developed to support both city staff and 
stakeholders in implementing their new tree code. These resources 
are found in the following appendices:
• Public engagement plans.
• Outreach and educational materials during code development.
• Post-adoption handouts and tools for applicants.

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
8. Comprehensive Plans & State Policy Considerations   /    48 TOP
8. Comprehensive Plans &  
     State Policy Considerations 
8.1:  New Comprehensive Plan Climate Element .............. 49
8.2:  New Housing Bills ....................................................... 49
8.3:  Washington Wildland Urban Interface Code .............. 50
8.4:  Culturally Modified T rees ............................................51
Photo credit: Dave Hoefler
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
7. Implementation   /    49 TOP
Washington State requires that cities and counties of a certain 
size accommodate future growth through the development of 
comprehensive plans. Under the Growth Management Act (GMA) 
statute, municipalities must address housing, transportation, and 
other growth issues and citizen participation through comprehensive 
plan policy goals that are supported by municipal codes, other policy 
documents, management plans, and programs.
Many cities establish canopy cover goals, typically expressed as a 
percentage, within urban forest management plans, or sometimes 
in other guidance documents or management plans such as climate 
action and sustainability plans. As a reflection of community 
values and vision for future growth, a tree canopy cover policy goal 
provides greater support for municipal tree ordinances and other 
tree preservation efforts when located within the framework of a 
comprehensive plan. A canopy cover goal may be placed under any 
“element” or required section, such as land use, environment, or in 
newly mandated elements. 
8.1:  New Comprehensive Plan Climate Element
In 2023, House Bill 1181 was enacted, requiring that Washington 
jurisdictions add a new comprehensive plan element addressing 
climate change and community resiliency. A climate element can take 
the form of a single comprehensive plan chapter or be integrated into 
several chapters/elements such as housing, transportation, and land 
use. Climate elements must maximize economic, environmental, 
and social co-benefits and prioritize environmental justice to avoid 
worsening environmental health disparities. Because comprehensive 
plan policies are adopted by local decision-making bodies, they can 
spur the community to revise tree codes, establish tree canopy cover 
goals, and require alignment with existing urban forest management 
plans and programs. The Washington Department of Commerce 
provides planning guidance, grants, and other resources for developing 
a comprehensive plan climate element. 42
8.2:  New Housing Bills
Also enacted into law in 2023, several housing and land use bills 
address housing availability and affordability issues, affecting how 
local governments regulate low-density residential housing. House 
Bill 1110 requires that many cities revise their codes to allow duplex/
triplex, townhome, cottage, etc. housing, the “missing middle” 
between single-family and multifamily residential housing types. 
Additionally, House Bill 1337 requires that cities allow Accessory 
Dwelling Units (ADUs), a small self-contained living unit, on existing 
single-family lots. In both cases, local municipalities must update their 
zoning/development regulations within six months following their 
comprehensive plan updates to include these changes.  
Generally, accommodating a larger (or second, albeit smaller) building 
footprint on single-family lots will reduce the number of existing trees 
that can be successfully retained, and limit space for tree replanting, 
which in turn, could impact climate action, urban forest management, 
and tree canopy cover goals. However , note that some jurisdictions 
such as the City of Kirkland have allowed missing middle/ ADU housing 
types while fully regulating tree protection years ahead of the 2023 
state mandates, evidence that meeting housing needs and protecting 
trees can be synonymous. The Washington Department of Commerce 
provides resources and technical assistance to local governments on 
housing topics. 43
8. Comprehensive Plans &  
 State Policy Considerations
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
7. Implementation   /    50 TOP
8.3:  Washington Wildland Urban Interface Code 
In 2021, the State Building Code Council (SBCC) adopted amendments 
to the Washington Wildland Urban Interface Code (WWUIC) amendments 
that had originally been scheduled for implementation in 2023. The 
implementation timeline was delayed to March 2024 while the State 
Building Code Council considered several amendments during rule-
making and held public hearings in November 2023 and February 2024.44 
In March 2024, the SBCC announced that they would no longer be 
adopting the Wildland Urban Interface Code amendments as part of the 
current code update cycle. This was due to the passage of ESB 6120 
(Engrossed Senate Bill) by the state legislature.
What does ESB 6120 require? 
• Washington Department of Natural Resources (DNR) is required to 
develop a statewide wildfire hazard map and a base-level wildfire risk 
map for each county based on criteria established in coordination 
with the State Fire Marshal’s Office. 
• Once the maps have been completed, local jurisdictions will have an 
additional six months once the maps have been completed to adopt 
the code as adopted by the SBCC at the local level and will have the 
option to modify the maps based on their own assessments as long 
as they follow the same or similar criteria as the statewide map.  
• Counties and municipalities that issue residential and commercial 
building permits for parcels in areas identified as high hazard and very 
high hazard will be subject to the WUI code provisions.45
The WWUI is based on the 2021 International Wildland-Urban Interface 
Code (IWUIC). The IWUIC establishes minimum requirements for land use 
and the built environment in designated wildland-urban interface areas to 
reduce the loss of life and property due to wildfires. These requirements 
include specific fire-resistant materials for structures and limiting the 
amount and type of trees and vegetation in “defensible space” within 30 
to 100 feet of structures. The WWUIC could limit the type, number , and 
density of trees and vegetation in the wildland-urban interface in the 
required “defensible space” and have an impact on a jurisdiction’s ability 
to regulate trees in critical areas, retain trees with development, and to 
support tree canopy cover goals. Although the SBC is no longer adopting 
the Washington Wildland Urban Interface code amendments as originally 
adopted during this code update session, jurisdictions still have the local 
authority to adopt and administer the 2018 International Wildland Urban 
Interface Code adopted in the state statute.   
Photo credit: Joe Ciciarelli
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
8. Comprehensive Plans & State Policy Considerations   /    51 TOP
8.4:  Culturally Modified T rees
Culturally Modified T rees (CMT s) are trees that were modified in some way by past 
or current Indigenous People. CMT s are cultural resources and non-renewable. In 
the Puget Sound region, these trees are often cedar and feature sections where 
bark was stripped for clothing, tools, baskets, and other purposes, or have bent 
boughs which help indicate important harvesting and hunting areas or waterways. 
These trees are physical evidence of the connection between native peoples and 
their lands, and many have survived where T ribal villages or longhouses were burned 
down by settlers to the region.
As mature and majestic native trees in the urban landscape, CMT s contribute 
not only to a community’s canopy and ecosystem services but often are a part 
of critical native forest remnants and wildlife habitat. The cultural and ecological 
significance of CMT s makes it vital for them to be recognized in local jurisdictions’ 
comprehensive planning and climate action strategies.
Currently, once identified, a CMT may be protected under state law RCW 
27.53.060 which regulates the removal or alteration of any historic or prehistoric 
archaeological resource or site. However , most jurisdictions do not have a regulatory 
mechanism protecting CMT s in local tree ordinances. Some have quasi-protection 
for historic or culturally significant trees, which may be used to help protect CMT s 
within the jurisdiction. While most of these voluntary designations have not been 
actively pursued, there is renewed interest to revive efforts and coordinate with 
local T ribes to include CMT s. With that revival, it will be important to raise awareness 
of the fact that state protections apply to identified CMT s regardless of landowner 
consent to any city-sanctioned program.
The Snoqualmie T ribe recently received a USDA Forest Service grant to develop 
a Culturally Modified T ree protection program, the first of its kind in the Pacific 
Northwest. The T ribe is exploring how to work with local municipalities (including 
the County) to include CMT s in their tree code as high-value trees, like landmark 
or exceptional trees, which require special consideration for retention efforts, 
particularly during development. Further collaboration will be needed for 
jurisdictions to also ensure their policies and ordinances support and comply with 
standing State CMT protection laws. Along with coordination among local tribes, 
public education, and arborist training to properly maintain these trees, the T ribe 
hopes to attain better preservation of CMT s throughout the Puget Sound region.
Photo credit: Kim Miller
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
9. Conclusion   /    52 TOP
9. Conclusion
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
9. Conclusion   /    53 TOP
As development pressures and the effects of climate change 
continue to impact the Pacific Northwest, and more specifically, 
King County, the preservation of the urban forest and associated 
benefits has become of the utmost importance. A lack of state 
legislation on tree regulations has led to local municipalities being 
solely responsible for developing, implementing, and enforcing tree 
regulations. The project team found both local and national tree 
codes vary widely in clarity, terminology, consistency with industry 
standards, and levels of restrictiveness. Beyond critical area tree 
removal restrictions, nine local jurisdictions have little to no tree 
regulations, while fifteen were found to have comprehensive codes 
that both regulate tree retention with development and limit tree 
removal on private property without development. Of the King 
County survey participants, more than one-third indicated they 
are considering or are planning to update their tree regulations in 
the near future. The primary drivers for regulating trees on private 
property include public demand or direction from decision-makers, 
comprehensive plan policy goals, sustainability or climate action 
goals, and city-wide tree canopy targets.
Developing tree regulations at the local level is not a one-size-fits-
all process and is informed by community and stakeholder values, 
development code structure, municipal resources, staffing, and 
the characteristics of the land uses in the jurisdiction. Therefore, 
defining effective language and determining best practices for a 
singular model tree ordinance is not feasible. However , several 
fundamental foundation elements are pivotal in developing effective 
tree regulations. A successful tree ordinance will balance growth 
and development while providing protection for trees that comprise 
the urban tree canopy and meet city management goals. Further , an 
effective ordinance will also be easily understood and implemented 
by stakeholders and staff. Lastly, to measure the effectiveness of an 
ordinance and ensure canopy goals are being achieved, metrics to 
measure the effectiveness of the ordinance must be incorporated.
Future research considerations that could supplement this body 
of work include an analysis of tree quantification methods and how 
they influence canopy cover , the effectiveness of incentives, and 
measuring the effectiveness of tree regulations on private property. 
The next step in this project is the development of the King County 
T ree Code T oolkit. This toolkit is intended to be a one-stop shop for 
municipalities seeking guidance on developing and implementing 
tree regulations, including ordinance frameworks, tree species lists, 
educational materials, and more.
9. Conclusion Photo credit: Getty Images
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    54 TOP
Appendices 
Appendix A. List of T erms ................................................................................................ 55
Appendix B. Data Synthesis Report ................................................................................. 59
Appendix C. King County Jurisdictional T ree Code Matrix ............................................. 59
Appendix D. King County Jurisdictional T ree Code Summary Spreadsheet .................. 59
Appendix E. National T ree Code Research Spreadsheet ................................................. 59
Appendix F . Sample Documents and Online Resources.................................................. 60
Appendix G. T ree Lists ..................................................................................................... 62
Photo credit: Sara Dao
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    55 TOP
Appendix A. List of T erms
T erms listed here are consistent with ANSI A300-2023 T ree Care 
Standards, Managing T rees During Site Development & Construction, 
3rd edition; ISA Best Management Practices, Managing T rees During Site 
Development; Council of T ree and Landscape Appraisers (CTLA), Guide 
for Plant Appraisal and the online International Society of Arboriculture 
Dictionary. 46
American National Standards Institute (ANSI)  
A non-profit organization that oversees standards for products, 
services, processes, systems, and personnel activities in the United 
States. The current version of the American National Standards Institute 
A300 (2023) tree care standards are developed by the T ree Care 
Industry Association (TCIA) to manage trees, shrubs, and other woody 
vegetation.
Arbor Day Foundation  
A non-profit membership organization dedicated to planting trees 
and providing resources for tree planting, maintenance, pruning, 
identification, climate change, reforestation, and urban forestry. 
The Arbor Day Foundation established the T ree City USA program in 
1976.47 
Arborist report  
Written findings of a tree inventory that includes recommendations 
prepared by a qualified professional defined by code, typically an ISA 
Certified Arborist and/or other certifications and allied professionals.
Buildable area 
The portion of land wherein a structure, parking, and other 
improvements may be located and where construction may take place. 
The definition of buildable area varies by jurisdiction but does not 
generally include environmentally critical areas, shorelines, or public 
rights-of-way. Also termed the “building envelope. ”
Calculated T ree Protection Zone (CTPZ)
Defined by species tolerance to construction activities, tree size 
(DBH), and relative age/health. The calculated TPZ radius should be 
6-18 times the trunk diameter (DBH). 
Caliper 
The industry standard for trunk measurement of nursery stock is measured 
in inches, taken at four to twelve inches above the ground, depending on the 
trunk diameter , applicable to replacement tree standards. 
Canopy Cover 
The percentage of a fixed area covered by the crown of a tree is 
measured by the horizontal projection of its outermost perimeter .
Critical Root Zone (CRZ) 
The area of soil around a tree where the minimum volume of roots 
considered critical to the structural stability or health of the tree 
is located. Currently, there are no universally accepted methods to 
calculate the CRZ. Historically known and still defined in tree codes as 
a formulaic area expressed as the radius from the face of a tree trunk 
equal to one foot for every inch of trunk diameter (DBH).  
(Duvall, Kenmore, North Bend, etc.).
Culturally modified tree 
A tree that has been modified by Indigenous people as part of their 
traditions. This may include peeling, ax cuts, delimbing, wood removal, 
or other modifications.
Crown 
The branches and foliage of a tree.
Development 
Any activity that requires a project permit or jurisdictional approval. 
This varies by jurisdiction and is often differentiated between major 
and minor thresholds or by development type relating to additional 
square feet or cost of improvements.

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    56 TOP
Diameter at Breast Height (DBH) or Diameter at Standard  
Height (DSH) 
The diameter of a tree trunk measured 4.5 feet above average grade. 
Diameter at standard height is used in determining the diameter of 
existing trees.
1.    Where a tree has a branch or branches or swelling that interferes 
with the measurement at four and one-half feet above average 
grade or where a tree tapers below this point, the diameter is 
measured at the narrowest point below four and one-half feet.
2.    For trees located on a slope, the four and-one-half feet height 
is measured from the average of the highest and lowest ground 
points or , on very steep slopes where this is not possible, the 
lowest practical point on the uphill side.
3.    Where a tree splits into several trunks close to ground level, the 
diameter at standard height for the tree is the square root of 
the sum of the diameter at standard height for each individual 
stem squared.
Dripline 
The distance from the tree trunk is equal to the furthest extent of 
the tree’s crown. For trees with asymmetrical crowns, the dripline is 
measured in all four cardinal directions. Dripline may be a measure for 
determining the extent of a tree’s roots to designate the TPZ (e.g., As 
seen in Issaquah and Newcastle). 
Fee in-lieu 
A payment made in place of planting replacement trees.
Grove trees 
A group of a specified number , typically three or more, viable 
regulated trees with overlapping or touching crowns.
Growth Management Act (GMA) 
A series of state statutes that require fast-growing cities and counties 
to develop a comprehensive plan that outlines their vision for growth, 
land use, and development within their communities to manage 
population growth. State GMAs designate urban growth areas, 
require identification and protection of critical areas, and influence 
development regulations. 
Hazard tree
A tree or tree part that has a high likelihood of failure that would 
cause damage or injury due to its proximity to a target, which cannot 
be mitigated. In practice, a hazard tree is assessed by a qualified 
professional arborist typically using the ISA T ree Risk Assessment 
methodology.
Heritage tree 
A tree designated by code criteria, often nominated by the City, 
T ree Board, or other organization on public or private property as 
historically significant, specimen, rare, as a significant grove, or other 
criteria.
Inner Critical Root Zone 
Not currently defined as an ANSI A300 (2023) T ree Care standard or 
recognized as ISA Best Management Practices. Historically known and 
still defined in tree codes as an area half the distance of the CRZ that, 
when impacted, may compromise the structural integrity of the tree and 
is not to be disturbed during construction activities. Example: A 26-inch 
DBH tree has a 13-foot radius inner critical root zone measured from the 
face of the trunk. 
International Society of Arboriculture (ISA) 
An organization that promotes the professional practice of 
arboriculture and fosters a greater awareness of tree benefits.
Landmark tree 
A healthy mature significant tree with a minimum DBH that varies by 
jurisdiction but is typically between 24 inches and 30 inches. Some 
jurisdictions define landmark trees by both species and size.
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    57 TOP
Limits of Disturbance
Not currently defined as an ANSI A300 (2023) T ree Care standard or 
recognized as ISA Best Management Practices. Historically known 
and still defined in tree codes as the boundary between allowable 
site disturbance from development activity and the protected area 
surrounding a tree. (Kent, Lake Forest Park). Due to similarities to 
T emporary Erosion-Sediment Control (TESC) Limits of Disturbance 
fencing and the resulting confusion on site plans, T ree Protection 
Zone (TPZ) has become more common as a codified industry standard 
replacing tree “limits of disturbance. ”     
Municipal code
A collection of laws passed by a governing body. The municipal code 
contains the ordinances adopted by a jurisdiction.
Nuisance trees
A tree that meets certain criteria and cannot be corrected by 
reasonable practices such as pruning, bracing, or cabling. May also be 
defined as causing significant physical damage to structures.  
Ordinance 
A local law or regulation enacted by a municipal authority.
Public tree 
A tree located in parks, maintained or unmaintained public rights-
of-way, stormwater facilities, or on other property owned by the 
jurisdiction.
Private tree 
A tree located on private (fee-simple) property not owned or 
maintained by a jurisdiction.
Qualified Professional
This definition varies by jurisdiction but generally means an individual 
with relevant education and training in arboriculture or urban forestry 
who can demonstrate performing appropriate assessments to 
produce the required documentation for a request or application. 
Some jurisdictions require qualified professionals completing arborist 
evaluations to have one or more of the following credentials: 
• International Society of Arboriculture (ISA) Certified Arborist;
• T ree Risk Assessor Qualification (TRAQ) as established by ISA or 
equivalent;
• American Society of Consulting Arborists (ASCA) Registered 
Consulting Arborist;
• Society of American Foresters (SAF) Certified Forester for Forest 
Management Plans;
• Board Certified Master Arborist as established by the ISA.
Significant tree 
A regulated tree that meets a minimum DBH threshold. 
T ree City USA
A program founded by the Arbor Day Foundation that provides 
assistance and recognition to incorporated communities and military 
bases that maintain a continuously active tree management program.
Photo credit: Freepik.com
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    58 TOP
T ree inventory 
A record of the location and characteristics of trees that provides 
basic information on attributes like species, condition, and size. 
Many jurisdictions require a tree inventory to be completed by 
a qualified professional arborist as part of development or tree 
removal permit requirements.
T ree protection fencing 
Chain link or orange plastic construction fence or similar material that 
must meet height and installation standards, be erected around the 
tree protection zone. 
T ree Risk Assessment Qualification (TRAQ) 
Means a qualified tree professional who has specialized knowledge 
and training and is certified by the ISA in basic tree risk assessment as 
defined by the ISA Best Management Practices: T ree Risk Assessment.
T ree Protection Zone (TPZ) 
Currently defined as an ANSI A300 (2023) T ree Care standard and 
recognized as an ISA Best Management Practices term. A defined area 
within and including an outer boundary, as determined by a qualified 
professional arborist, in which certain activities are prohibited or 
restricted to prevent or minimize potential impacts from construction 
or development, and applies to individual trees, groups of trees, roots, 
and soil. TPZ is measured in feet from the face of the trunk and may 
be determined using critical root zone, dripline, exploratory root 
excavations, or other methodologies. The established TPZ is the location 
of tree protection fencing. (Burien, Kirkland). See Calculated TPZ.
Urban Growth Area (UGA) 
A regional boundary is set by a jurisdiction to encourage urban 
growth and development to limit urban sprawl, enhance open space, 
protect rural areas, and more efficiently use human services. The 
UGA is required under the Growth Management Act as part of a 
jurisdiction’s comprehensive plan. UGA is often referenced by cities, 
while UUA (below) is most often referenced by counties. Both are 
often used interchangeably; for the purposes of this Guide, UGA will 
be referenced throughout. 
Urban Unincorporated Area (UUA)
An area that is unincorporated as a municipality that typically does 
not have elected officials at the town level. Since unincorporated 
communities are not officially considered to be municipal areas of 
their own accord they often act as a part of a larger municipality, such 
as a county. Skyway is an example of an urban unincorporated area.  
Viable tree
A term that typically describes a tree that meets a combination 
of tree health and structure criteria for tree retention purposes. 
Although defined in the Council of T ree and Landscape Appraisers 
(CTLA) Guide for Plant Appraisal, ‘viable tree’ means trees assessed 
by a qualified professional to be in fair or better condition, with low 
risk of failure due to structural defects. Some jurisdictions define 
trees worthy of retention succinctly with ‘viable’ criteria, while 
others may define qualitative tree retention criteria in greater detail 
with tree condition tables.
Wildland Urban Interface Code (WWUI)
A code designed to mitigate the risks from wildfire to life and property 
in wildland-urban interface areas.
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    59 TOP
Appendix B. Data Synthesis Report
https:/ /your .kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppB.pdf
Appendix C. King County Jurisdictional T ree Code Matrix
https:/ /your .kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppC.pdf
Appendix D. King County Jurisdictional T ree Code Summary Spreadsheet
https:/ /your .kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppD.pdf
Appendix E. National T ree Code Research Spreadsheet
https:/ /your .kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppE.pdf

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    60 TOP
Appendix F . Sample Documents and Online Resources 
The following resources are provided by the four cities that 
participated in the in-depth interviews to discuss their recent tree 
code updates. Cities included Kirkland, Burien, Issaquah, and Seattle. 
For more information on the interviews see the Data Synthesis Report 
in Appendix B. 
SAMPLE DOCUMENTS
Kirkland
Discussion of issues and staff recommendations (staff report pages 
1-13), Public Engagement Plan (2018) pages 87-97 https:/ /www.
kirklandwa.gov/files/sharedassets/public/v/1/planning-amp-building/
code-amendments-to-kzc-95-packet-cam18-00408.pdf  
 
Issaquah 
Title 18 Update – Goals, Issues, Desired Outcome Chart 
Used for tracking public meeting outcomes. https:/ /www.issaquahwa.
gov/DocumentCenter/View/8646/ Attachment-B-Goals-and-
Outcomes-Document-PPC-additions 
ONLINE RESOURCES
Kirkland
• Public Educational Videos https:/ /www.youtube.com/
watch?v=3S5fm8-LA-8 
• T rees Webpage. Includes guides to example site plans, tree 
retention plans, pre-submittal checklists, arborist report  
guides, etc. 
• Online High Retention Value T ree Checklist
• Currently developing an interactive permitting guide 
Seattle
• SDCI’s T ree and Code webpage - https:/ /www.seattle.gov/sdci/
codes/codes-we-enforce-(a-z)/trees-and-codes 
• “Stay Connected” webpage: https:/ /www.seattle.gov/sdci/ about-
us/stay-connected 
Issaquah
• Webpage dedicated to the 2023 Land Use Code Update, Including 
T ree Code https:/ /issaquahwa.gov/3141/2023-Land-Use-Code-
Update 
• T ree Permits webpage on Community Planning and Development 
site – has canopy cover worksheet and FAQs: https:/ /issaquahwa.
gov/1072/T ree-Permits 
Burien
• Webpage dedicated to T rees and Urban Forest Management 
https:/ /www.burienwa.gov/business/community_development/
trees_and_urban_forest_management 
• T ree regulations and permit webpage that includes videos on 
“when do you need a tree removal permit” and “how to measure a 
tree”; translated to Spanish and Vietnamese (factsheets):  https:/ /
www.burienwa.gov/business/community_development/trees_
and_urban_forest_management/tree_regulations_and_permit_
requirements

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    61 TOP
PRINT RESOURCES  
Kirkland
• T ree Code FAQ: https:/ /www.kirklandwa.gov/files/sharedassets/
public/v/1/planning-amp-building/trees/tree-code-faq.pdf
• T ree Retention Plan Checklist: https:/ /www.kirklandwa.gov/files/
sharedassets/public/v/2/development-services/pdfs/planning-
pdfs-mbp/pre-submittal-tree-retention-plan-checklist_2023.pdf
Seattle
• 242 Tips (A-D) on tree code information  
https:/ /web.seattle.gov/dpd/cams/CamList.aspx 
• 242A – T ree Requirements Associated with Development  
https:/ /www.seattle.gov/DPD/Publications/CAM/Tip242A.pdf 
Sample Ordinance
City of Duvall, Washington. Ordinance No. 1234 amending City 
of Duvall Municipal Code, Chapter 14.40: https:/ /duvallwa.gov/
DocumentCenter/View/5746/ORD-1234- T ree-Protection?bidId=  
 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    62 TOP
Appendix G. T ree Lists
Issaquah
Preferred T ree List (2022) https:/ /issaquahwa.gov/DocumentCenter/
View/863/Preferred- T ree-List-2022 
Kenmore 
Street T ree List, 2021 Road Standards, Appendix C, 
pages 100-101 https:/ /www.kenmorewa.gov/home/
showpublisheddocument/2735/638233924155364765
Kirkland Public Works
Surface Water Division: Staff Recommendations
https:/ /www.kirklandwa.gov/files/sharedassets/public/v/1/public-
works/surface-water/tree_list_final_web_1.pdf  
Kirkland Planning and Building Department 
Approved Landmark T ree Mitigation List (2023)
https:/ /www.kirklandwa.gov/files/sharedassets/public/v/3/planning-
amp-building/trees/landmark-tree-mitigation-species-list.pdf 
Lake Forest Park 
General T ree List (2011)
https:/ /www.cityoflfp.gov/DocumentCenter/View/224/T ree-
List?bidId=  
North Bend 
Street T ree List (2018) https:/ /www.northbendwa.gov/
DocumentCenter/View/6798/City-of-North-Bend-Approved-Street-
T ree-List-August-2018  
 
Redmond 
Native T ree Species for T ree Replacement (No Date)
https:/ /www.redmond.gov/DocumentCenter/View/29813/Native_
Plant_List_for_T ree_Replacement_PDF?bidId= 
Seattle 
Green Factor Plant List (Bioretention T rees) (2010) 
https:/ /www.seattle.gov/documents/Departments/SDOT /
PublicSpaceManagement/SeattleGreenFactorPlantList.pdf 
T ukwila 
Approved T ree List (2017) 
https:/ /www.tukwilawa.gov/wp-content/uploads/ Approved-_T ree_
List_2017.pdf 
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Appendices   /    63 TOP
Endnotes
Photo credit: T omoko Uji
KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Endnotes   /    64 TOP
 Endnotes
1 Aken, J. et al. 2019. Redmond’s T ree Canopy Strategic Plan. City 
of Redmond. Accessed on 3/28/2024 from https:/ /www.redmond.
gov/DocumentCenter/View/9576/T ree-Canopy-Strategic-
Plan?bidId=#:~:text=The%20proposed%20goal%20for%20
the%20plan%20is%20to,time%20to%20realize%20the%20
benefits%2C%20costs%2C%20and%20resources.
2  Dyson, K. and M.S. Patterson. 2018. City of Sammamish Land and 
Canopy Cover Analysis. University of Washington-Urban Design and 
Planning. Accessed on 3/28/2024 from https:/ /www.sammamish.us/
media/ aapjcaxf/urban-forest-management-plan-survey-results.pdf
3 O’Neil-Dunne, J. 2016. Seattle T ree Canopy Assessment. University 
of Vermont- Spatial Analysis Laboratory. Accessed online on 
3/28/2024 from https:/ /www.seattle.gov/Documents/Departments/
T rees/Mangement/Canopy/Seattle2016CCAFinalReportFINAL.pdf
4 City of Kirkland. 2018. Urban T ree Canopy Assessment. Plan-It 
Geo. Accessed on 3/28/2024 from https:/ /www.kirklandwa.gov/files/
sharedassets/public/v/1/planning-amp-building/2018-tree-canopy-
assessment.pdf
5 United States Census Bureau. 2020. U.S. Department of Commerce. 
6 King County 30-Y ear Forest Plan. 2021. Department of Natural 
Resources and Parks, Water and Land Resources Division. Accessed 
online on 2/26/2024 from https:/ /your .kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/
water-and-land/forestry/30-year-forest-plan/30-year-forest-plan.
pdf.
7 Nowak, D. 2016. “Chapter 4: Urban Forests. ” Assessing the 
Sustainability of Agricultural and Urban Forests in the United States. 
PP 37-52.  Edited by Robertson, Guy; Mason, Andy, 2016. Assessing 
the Sustainability of Agricultural and Urban Forests in the United 
States. USDA Forest Service, Washington, DC, FS-1067. 75 pages. 
8 Wolf, K. L., Lam, S. T ., McKeen, J. K., Richardson, G. R. A., Van den 
Bosch, M., and Bardekjian, A. C. 2020. Urban T rees and Human 
Health: A Scoping Review. International Journal of Environmental 
Research and Public Health, 17(12), 4371. https:/ /doi.org/10.3390/
ijerph17124371  
9 Wolf, K.L. 2010. Crime and Fear - A Literature Review. Green Cities: 
Good Health. College of the Environment, University of Washington. 
Accessed on 2/1/2024 from https:/ /depts.washington.edu/hhwb/
Thm_Crime.html. 
10 Nowak, D. J. and J.F . Dwyer . 2000. Understanding the Benefits 
and Costs of Urban Forest Ecosystems. In Handbook of Urban and 
Community Forestry in the Northeast (pp. 11–25). Springer US. 
https:/ /doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4615-4191-2_2.
11 Kuehler , E.; J. Hathaway and A. Tirpak. Quantifying the benefits of 
urban forest systems as a component of the green infrastructure 
stormwater treatment network. Ecohydrology. 2017;10e. https:/ /doi.
org/10.1002/eco.1813.
12 Wolf, K.L. 2007. City T rees and Property Values. Arborist News 16, 
4:34-36.
13 Makido Y .; D. Hellman and V . Shandas. 2019. Nature-Based 
Designs to Mitigate Urban Heat: The Efficacy of Green Infrastructure 
T reatments in Portland, Oregon. Atmosphere. 10(5):282. https:/ /doi.
org/10.3390/ atmos10050282

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Endnotes   /    65 TOP
14 Ettinger A.K.; G. Bratman, M.Carey, R. Hebert, O. Hill, H. Kett, P . 
Levin, M. Murphy-Williams, and L. Wyse. 2024. Street trees provide 
an opportunity to mitigate urban heat and reduce risk of high heat 
exposure. Scientific Reports 14, Article number 3266. Accessed on 
2/26/2024 from https:/ /doi.org/10.1038/s41598-024-51921-y. 
15 Nowak, D.J.; D. Crane, and J.C. Stevens. 2006. Air pollution removal 
by urban trees and shrubs in the United States. Urban Forestry 
and Urban Greening Vol 4, Issues 3-4 (pp. 115-123). https:/ /doi.
org/10.1016/j.ufug.2006.01.007.
16 Naizhuo, Z.; J.F . Prieur , Y . Liu, D Kneeshaw, E.M. Lapoint, A. Paquette, 
K. Zinszer , J. Dupras, P .J. Villeneuve, D.G. Rainham, E. Lavigne, H.Chen, 
M. vanden Bosch, T .Oiamo, A.Smargiassi. 2021. T ree characteristics 
and environmental noise in complex urban settings – A case study 
from Montreal, Canada, Environmental Research, Volume 202, ISSN 
0013-9351.
17 Nowak, D.J., Hoehn, R. E. III, Crane, D. E., Stevens, J. C., & Walton, J. 
T . 2006. Assessing urban forest effects and values, Washington, D.C. ’’s 
urban forest. Accessed on 2/1/2024 from https:/ /www.fs.usda.gov/
treesearch/pubs/18406. 
18 Exact tree canopy percentages vary based on the data source. 
Timing and methodologies of studies is not consistent.
19 Puget Sound Regional Council, Regional Housing Strategy, February 
2022, page 9. 
20 King County 30-Y ear Forest Plan, page 37-38.
21 Best practices for arboriculture include but are not limited to the 
American National Standards Institute (ANSI) A300 for T ree Care, 
2023 which are industry consensus standards developed by the 
T ree Care Industry Association written by the Accredited Standards 
Committee. ANSI standards cover everything from specific tree care 
specifications such as pruning and planting to worker safety.
22 iT ree is a free peer-reviewed suite of software applications 
developed and supported by the USDA Forest Service that quantifies 
urban forest characteristics as well as their ecosystem and economic 
benefits. iT ree has two applications - iT ree Canopy and iT ree 
Landscape - that can be used to calculate tree canopy at the site 
or landscape scale. For additional information, go to https:/ /www.
itreetools.org.
23 City of Decatur , Georgia T ree Canopy Ordinance education 
webpage. For additional information, go to https:/ /www.decaturga.
com/dec/page/tree-canopy-conservation-ordinance
24 City of Olympia, Urban Forestry Manual. Accessed on 3/11/2024 
from https:/ /cms7files.revize.com/olympia/Document_center/
Services/Urban%20Forestry/Urban-Forestry-Manual.pdf  
25 The Facet Project T eam learned, during the In-depth Interview 
process, that tree code amendment timelines were protracted due to 
the controversial and complex nature of tree code updates.  
     
26 Chicago Region T rees Initiative developed an interactive web map 
that combines canopy cover , surface temperature, air quality, flood 
risk, health, and social vulnerability data. Accessed on 2/1/2024 from 
https:/ /chicagorti.org/maps. 

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Endnotes   /    66 TOP
27 Chicago Region T rees Initiative: T ree Preservation Ordinance 
T emplates. Accessed on 2/1/2024 from https:/ /chicagorti.org/
program/tree-ordinance-templates/. 
28 Municipal Research Services Center . Accessed on 3/29/2024 from: 
MRSC - T aking Action Using Ordinances, Resolutions, Motions, and 
Proclamations. 
29 Dunster , J. 2017. T ree Risk Assessment Manual, Second Edition. 
Champaign, IL: International Society of Arboriculture.
30 City of Burien Municipal Code (BMC) 19.2.040 Exceptional trees. 
Accessed on 2/15/2024 from https:/ /burienwa.civicweb.net/filepro/
documents/?preview=75469. 
31 City of Lake Forest Park Municipal Code (LMC) Title 16 
Environmental Protection, Chapter 16.14 T ree Canopy Preservation 
and Enhancement. Accessed on 2/15/2024 from https:/ /www.
codepublishing.com/WA/LakeForestPark/#!/LakeForestPark16/
LakeForestPark1614.html#16.14.030. 
32 The King County Noxious Weed board adopts an annual noxious 
weed list in accordance with RCW 17.10 and WAC 16.750. The 
Noxious weed List categorizes plants into Class A, B, and C -and 
specifies which are regulated or recommended for control. For 
more information go to: https:/ /kingcounty.gov/en/legacy/services/
environment/ animals-and-plants/noxious-weeds.aspx
33 iT ree is a free peer-reviewed suite of software applications 
developed and supported by the USDA Forest Service that quantifies 
urban forest characteristics as well as their ecosystem and economic 
benefits. iT ree has two applications - iT ree Canopy and iT ree 
Landscape - that can be used to calculate tree canopy at the site 
or landscape scale. For additional information, go to https:/ /www.
itreetools.org.
34 Matheny, Nelda, and James R Clark. T rees and Development: A 
T echnical Guide to Preservation of T rees During Land Development. 
International Society of Arboriculture, 1998.
35 American National Standard (ANSI) A300 (Part 5). 2019. T ree, 
Shrub, and Other Woody Plant Management Standard Practices 
(Management of T rees and Shrubs During Site Planning, Site 
Development, and Construction). Londonderry, NH: T ree Care 
Industry Association. 
36 American National Standard (ANSI) A300 (Part 5). 2019. T ree, 
Shrub, and Other Woody Plant Management Standard Practices 
(Management of T rees and Shrubs During Site Planning, Site 
Development, and Construction). Londonderry, NH: T ree Care 
Industry Association.
37 Mauger , G.S., J.H. Casola, H.A. Morgan, R.L. Strauch, B. Jones, B. 
Curry, T .M. Busch Isaksen, L. Whitely Binder , M.B. Krosby, and A.K. 
Snover . 2015. State of Knowledge: Climate Change in Puget Sound 
Report prepared for the Puget Sound Partnership and the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Climate Impacts Group, 
University of Washington.
38 American Standard for Nursery Stock (ANSI Z-60.1). 2014. 
Accessed online on 2/26/2024 from https:/ /cdn.ymaws.com/
americanhort.site-ym.com/resource/collection/38ED7535-9C88-
45E5-AF44-01C26838AD0C/ ANSI_Nursery_Stock_Standards_
AmericanHort_2014.pdf

KING COUNTY  /  Guide to Developing Effective Urban T ree Regulations on Private Property
Endnotes   /    67 TOP
39 City of Kirkland, Urban Forestry Strategic Management Plan. 2013. 
Davey Resource Group and Forterra. Accessed online on 3/28/2024 
from: UFMP July2013_FINAL_DRAFT_08212013 (kirklandwa.gov), 
pages 35-40.
 
40 Revised Code of Washington (RCW) 35A Municipal Code: RCW 
35A.01.010 (Purpose and policy - interpretation), RCW 35A.11.020 
(Powers vested in legislative bodies of noncharter and charter code 
cities), RCW 35A.11.050 (Statement of purpose and policy), RCW 
35A.21.160 (General application of laws to code cities. Accessed 
online on 2/26/2024 from https:/ / app.leg.wa.gov/RCW/default.
aspx?cite=35A. 
41 Local Ordinances for Washington Cities and Counties. 2016. 
Municipal Research and Service Center . Accessed online on 2/26/2024 
from https:/ /mrsc.org/getmedia/44e20d0f-a536-473f-baac-
bd7504323330/Local-Ordinances-For-Washington-Cities-And-
Counties.pdf?ext=.pdf . 
42 Washington State Department of Commerce webpage on planning 
guidance, grants and other resources for developing a comprehensive 
plan climate element. Accessed online on 3/7/2024 from: https:/ /
www.commerce.wa.gov/serving-communities/growth-management/
growth-management-topics/climate-change-2/. 
43 Washington State Department of Commerce webpage, Planning for 
Housing. Accessed online on 3/7/2024 from: https:/ /www.commerce.
wa.gov/serving-communities/growth-management/growth-
management-topics/planning-for-housing/. 
44 For more information on the State Building Council’s Washington 
Wildland Urban Interface Resources webpage, go to https:/ /www.
sbcc.wa.gov/state-codes-regulations-guidelines/state-building-
code/wildland-urban-interface-code-resources . Accessed online on 
3/27/2024.
45 State of Washington, 68th Legislature, 2024 Regular Session, 
Engrossed Senate Bill 6120. Accessed on 3/27/2024 from https:/ /
lawfilesext.leg.wa.gov/biennium/2023-24/Pdf/Bills/Senate%20
Passed%20Legislature/6120.PL.pdf?q=20240327191743
46 International Society of Arboriculture Dictionary online resource. 
Accessed online on 3/7/2024 from:  https:/ /wwv.isa-arbor .com/
education/onlineresources/dictionary
 
47 Arbor Day Foundation. Accessed online on 3/7/2024 from: https:/ /
www.arborday.org/programs/treecityusa/ 

Report prepared for The City of Edmonds | 
Project conducted by PlanIT Geo, Inc. www.planitgeo.com | info@planitgeo.com
A FORECAST ANALYSIS OF POSSIBLE
PLANTING SCENARIOS
EDMONDS,
WASHINGTON
The urban forest is an invaluable asset for the City of Edmonds, providing 
residents and visitors with meaningful, quantiﬁ  able environmental, social, and  
economic beneﬁ  ts. In 2024, a tree canopy assessment was conducted to enhance 
understanding of the city’s canopy infrastructure. This assessment identiﬁ  ed 
urban tree canopy (UTC), potential planting areas (PPA), and areas unsuitable 
for planting, analysing their current distribution across the city. These ﬁ  ndings 
will enable the city to reﬁ  ne existing canopy goals, policies, ordinances, and 
management practices and formulate new ones to protect and expand the tree 
canopy.
Building on the assessment results, this summary report aims to assess and 
communicate the impacts of various planting strategies on Edmonds’ future 
canopy. Five scenarios (outlined in Table 1) were selected to demonstrate potential 
shifts in Edmonds’ canopy cover over a 20-year period, from 2024 to 2044. The 
outcomes presented for each scenario can serve as guidelines to shape the scale 
and methods of future planting efforts.
Edmonds’ 2024 canopy cover is an assumption based on 2021 canopy data..
32.4% 26.8% 36.8%
1,855 ACRES 1,538 ACRES 2,243 ACRES
T/r.sc/e.sc/e.sc 
C/a.sc/n.sc/o.sc/p.sc/y.sc
P/o.sc/s.sc/s.sc/i.sc/b.sc/l.sc/e.sc 
/p.sc/l.sc/a.sc/n.sc/t.sc/i.sc/n.sc/g.sc /a.sc/r.sc/e.sc/a.sc
/t.sc/o.sc/t.sc/a.sc/l.sc 
I/m.sc/p.sc/e.sc/r.sc/v.sc/i.sc/o.sc/u.sc/s.sc /a.sc/r.sc/e.sc/a.sc
Figure 1. The number of tree plantings required over the next 20 years.
A/n.sc/n.sc/u.sc/a.sc/l.sc /t.sc/r.sc/e.sc/e.sc /p.sc/l.sc/a.sc/n.sc/t.sc/i.sc/n.sc/g.sc /r.sc/e.sc/q.sc/u.sc/i.sc/r.sc/e.sc/d.sc 
/f.sc/o.sc/r.sc /e.sc/a.sc/c.sc/h.sc /s.sc/c.sc/e.sc/n.sc/a.sc/r.sc/i.sc/o.sc
150 BUSINESS AS 
USUAL /parenleft.caseBAU/parenright.case
220
MAINTAIN 
CURRENT 
CANOPY %
320 GROW CANOPY 
BY 2%*
402 GROW CANOPY 
TO 36%*
504 GROW CANOPY 
TO 38%*
T/o.sc/t.sc/a.sc/l.sc A/c.sc/r.sc/e.sc/s.sc
L/a.sc/n.sc/d.sc A/c.sc/r.sc/e.sc/s.sc
R/e.sc/s.sc/i.sc/d.sc/e.sc/n.sc/t.sc/s.sc
6,091
5,725
42,593 
Planting 402     
trees per year
could grow 
Edmonds’ canopy 
cover to 36% by 
2044.
CURRENT STATE OF THE URBAN FOREST
*These scenarios achieve canopy cover goals by removing impervious surfaces 
in the Right-of-Way to increase plantable space.
Report prepared for The City of Edmonds | 
Project conducted by PlanIT Geo, Inc. www.planitgeo.com | info@planitgeo.com
COMPARISON OF PLANTING SCENARIOS
  CANOPY CALCULATOR
ASSUMPTIONS
20 Planning Horizon (years)
2% New Tree Mortality
4% Canopy Loss due to
Natural Causes
2% Annual Canopy Loss on 
Private Property
0.5% Natural Regeneration
0.5% Annual Canopy Growth
Tree size distribution (average 
crown radius at full maturity, 
percent of total tree population):
12.5 ft Small Tree (10%)
15 ft Medium Tree (25%)
30 ft Large Tree (65%)
Various planting scenarios were explored to assist Edmonds 
in implementing the tree canopy and PPA metrics from 
this study. These scenarios offer different approaches 
to deciding where to plant new trees and integrating 
tree canopy and PPA data with the city’s goals, priorities, 
and resources. Citywide canopy cover goals were set in 
collaboration with city ofﬁ  cials, and PlanIT Geo’s Canopy 
Calculator tool was used to determine the necessary 
canopy (in acres and number of trees) to reach those goals 
over a 20-year planning period. 
The calculator tool takes into account natural growth, 
regeneration, and losses to the canopy from both natural 
factors and tree removals on private property. These results 
suggest that the state of the tree canopy in Edmonds 
may largely be dependent on the stewardship of private 
residents. Encouraging and supporting residential tree 
care initiatives could be a key strategy in preserving and 
enhancing the overall tree canopy in Edmonds.
Table 1. Planting scenario descriptions and results. 
Scenario
Estimated Citywide 
UTC in 2024 Planting Required Net Tree 
Canopy Change
Citywide UTC 
 in 2044
% Acres Total Annual Acres % Acres %
Business as Usual 32% 1,855 2,993 150 -79 -1% 1,776 31.0%
Maintain Current 
Canopy % 32% 1,855 4,399 220 0 0% 1,855 32.4%
Grow Canopy 
by 2%* 32% 1,855 6,403 320 112 2% 2,136 34.4%
Grow Canopy 
to 36%* 32% 1,855 8,041 402 203 4% 2,058 36.0%
Grow Canopy 
to 38%* 32% 1,855 10,088 504 318 6% 2,173 38.0%
Property 
Ownership 
Type
Business as
 Usual
Maintain Current 
Canopy % Grow Canopy by 2%* Grow Canopy to 36%* Grow Canopy to 38%*
Annual # 
of Trees
Total # of 
Trees
Annual # 
of Trees
Total # of 
Trees
Annual # 
of Trees
Total # of 
Trees
Annual # 
of Trees
Total # of 
Trees
Annual # 
of Trees
Total # of 
Trees
Private 
Property 75 1,501 100 1,992 171 3,412 252 5,049 355 7,096
Right-of-Way 58 1,164 104 2,079 133 2,664 133 2,664 133 2,664
Public 
Property - City 14 274 14 274 14 274 14 274 14 274
Public
 Property - 
County
3 53 3 53 3 53 3 53 3 53
Table 2. Planting scenario metrics by property ownership type. 
*These scenarios show achieving canopy cover goals by removing impervious surfaces in the Right-of-Way to increase plantable space.
Report prepared for The City of Edmonds | 
Project conducted by PlanIT Geo, Inc. www.planitgeo.com | info@planitgeo.com
TREE CANOPY & PLANTABLE SPACE BY LAND USE
In addition to assessing tree canopy metrics at the property ownership level, tree canopy was evaluated on Edmonds’ nine 
combined land use classes. This analysis aimed to understand how different land uses and their primary functions (e.g. residential, 
commercial, open space, downtown, etc.) inﬂ  uence tree canopy. This approach provides insights for urban planning and 
environmental management, facilitating targeted strategies for sustainable urban development. The classiﬁ  ed land use areas 
within the city limits sum up to 5,675 acres, with 1,850 acres covered by tree canopy.
Areas primarily classiﬁ  ed for Single Family Residential purposes comprised over 75% of the city’s total land. Not surprisingly, this 
land use class contained nearly 80% of all tree cover (1,425 acres) in Edmonds, making it the most signiﬁ  cant land use class in terms 
of canopy coverage. Areas classiﬁ  ed as Open Space had the most dense canopy coverage at 70%, contributing 225 acres of canopy. 
In addition to canopy cover, the Single Family Residential class makes up nearly 90% of the total area available for planting trees 
(1,529 acres). 
Figure 2. Urban tree canopy potential by land use. Figure 3. Distribution of potential planting area 
percent by land use.
Urban Tree Canopy Potential by Land Use (%) Potential Planting Area Distribution (%)
Table 3. Possible planting acres by land use.
FROM CANOPY 
TO POLICY
How To Turn Tree Canopy Data 
Into Effective Tree Policy

Trees Are Part of the Solution
The trees that line our streets, shade our parks, and add character to our neighborhoods, collectively known 
as the urban forest, are a key piece of the puzzle for addressing some of the top challenges facing cities 
today. Research shows urban tree canopy is correlated with residential housing segregation and historic 
redlining practices across the United States, exacerbating the impacts of climate change and public health 
issues in disadvantaged communities. The release of American Forests’ Tree Equity Score maps in 2021 
helped to further illustrate this point, showing that marginalized communities across the country suffer 
from a lack of trees today. 
With proper planning, urban trees can play a role in helping to mitigate both the causes and impacts of 
climate change. They also improve public health, both physically and mentally, and have the potential 
to address major health disparities in our communities. One method for studying urban trees, known as 
urban tree canopy (UTC) assessments, has experienced major innovations over the last few years, making 
canopy data more accessible than ever before. Now that canopy data is abundant, how can we translate that 
information into inclusive and effective policies for equitable urban forests? 
What Is An Urban Tree Canopy Assessment?
A UTC assessment uses satellite or aerial imagery and LiDAR to map out the distribution of 
trees within a geographic area. It provides urban foresters and city planners a big picture view 
of the quantity and location of their existing trees and helps guide where new trees should be 
planted. Historically, UTC assessments and data were mostly used by big-budgeted, major cities, 
but thanks to technological advancements, communities of all sizes can now obtain regularly 
updated tree canopy data.
WE DEVELOPED THIS GUIDE TO EXPLAIN:
WHY Canopy Data Is Important To Planners ......................pg 3
HOW Communities Can Get Canopy Data ...........................pg 5
WHAT Policies Can Be Created From Canopy Data ......pg 8
FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
3
WHY Urban Tree Canopy 
Is Important to Planners
2007 marked the first time in history that more people lived in cities than rural areas, globally. The trend towards 
urbanization has only increased since. In order to track urban growth and patterns of land cover change, UTC 
assessments often incorporate mapping of other land cover types to illustrate the ratio of tree canopy cover to 
impervious surfaces, other vegetation, soil, water, and more (more on this in the next section). As population 
growth continues, one of our greatest challenges in city planning is to cultivate urban environments that 
harmonize with natural systems and benefit residents equitably for generations to come.
Frequently, trees and landscaping are treated more as an afterthought rather than an essential asset to the 
urban fabric. Urban trees offer a multitude of social, economic, and environmental services, such as mitigating 
stormwater, cooling air temperatures, reducing stress, increasing property values, and improving air quality. 
The sum of all of these services is an intentionally more livable community. We’ve gotten much better at 
valuing these services too. The 5.5 billion trees in U.S. urban areas provide an estimated $18.3 billion in value to 
their communities. 
Urban Heat Island Reduction
Cooler cities are not just more comfortable, they save 
lives. Heat is the leading cause of weather-related 
deaths in the United States, and one study of 97 
urban areas estimated tree cover can reduce up to 
346 deaths annually. 
A Public Mental Health Resource
The pandemic-triggered lockdowns led to a global 
rise in park visitation, as people were drawn to green 
spaces for diversion and decompression. Nearby 
green space has been shown to reduce anxiety, 
depression, and aggression. 
FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
4
We know trees improve our urban areas, both for the people living there and the natural environment, but in 
the face of development pressures and impacts from climate change (such as disease, pests, storms, and fire), 
urban forests require strong policies to persist and thrive. 
New tree growth can push back against these destructive forces when the right policies are in place, but urban 
forest losses have long overpowered new growth in the United States. The U.S. is losing urban tree canopy at a 
pace of 36 million trees and $96 million in tree benefits every year. To reverse this course and enact effective tree 
policies, the best first step is to measure and track what currently exists with an urban tree canopy assessment.
With a UTC assessment, you can lay out exactly where your urban tree canopy exists today, and by analyzing 
imagery from past years, you can show how canopy is growing and shrinking over time. This is invaluable 
feedback on the impact of past policies, and it can serve as guidance for investments in your urban forest. Most 
importantly, it allows you to make a reasonable, data-backed case to government leadership for changes to 
your local policies and ordinances that will improve tree equity and canopy coverage.
WHY GRAND JUNCTION GOT A UTC ASSESSMENT
“Leadership within community forestry programs will always struggle to get outside 
agencies to buy into the value of trees without having canopy assessment data. It is 
too easy to be viewed as the “tree hugger” who is complaining about a few tree losses 
without data backing up the discussion. Having visual information, as well as data, 
documenting key aspects of how tree cover is changing in a community, and the services 
the resource is providing moves the conversation into a discussion of reality versus 
feelings.”  
-Rob Davis, City Forester, Grand Junction, Colorado
With 62,000 residents, Grand Junction is 
the largest city on the western slope of 
Colorado, and in 2021 the city was able to 
complete its first UTC assessment thanks 
to the improved accessibility of tree 
canopy data. The analysis showed Grand 
Junction’s tree canopy had grown from 
7% in 2011 to 11% in 2019 and provided $30 
million in annual cost savings. Rob Davis, 
Grand Junction City Forester, is now using 
the canopy data to justify changes in the 
municipal code, influence development 
code, and better integrate urban forestry 
goals into future comprehensive plans.  
Check out our Grand Junction case study  
to learn more.
Urban tree canopy by census block in 
Grand Junction.
FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
5
HOW Communities Can 
Get Canopy Data
There are two approaches for quantifying your urban forest: bottom up or top down. A tree inventory works from 
the bottom up, as personnel work on the ground to map the location and record the condition of individual 
trees in a defined area (typically only on public property). The top down approach analyzes where tree canopy 
exists using remote sensing sources, such as aerial and satellite imagery and LiDAR elevation data, and is called 
an urban tree canopy (UTC) assessment. 
Unlike a tree inventory, a tree canopy assessment looks at all trees in the city, both public and private, so it 
is excellent for tracking large scale trends, setting canopy goals, measuring the effectiveness of urban forest 
management programs over time, and as we’ll discuss below, informing effective policy updates. There are 
multiple methods for completing a UTC assessment that vary in scope, cost, and data output. Some of these 
options can be done in-house, while others require an outside consultant. 
UTC ASSESSMENT METHODS
Point Sampling
This is the simplest method and can be completed using the i-Tree Canopy tool. Random points are generated 
within an area and manually assigned a value of “tree” or “non-tree” until a 1-2% standard error is reached. By 
dividing the number of “tree” points by the total number of points, you can quickly get an estimate of the 
percent canopy cover or any other land cover type.

FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
6
i-Tree Landscape
Another way to measure tree canopy is through the i-Tree Landscape tool. This tool uses land cover data from 
the National Land Cover Database and sometimes incorporates high-resolution data from a UTC assessment. 
Once a location is selected, an estimate of the amount of tree canopy is provided. You can also explore location 
data (census data, forest risk, future climate, etc.), see tree benefits, prioritize tree plantings, and generate 
reports. The resolution for the land cover information in i-Tree Landscape is typically 30 meters, so many 
trees in the urban environment are not captured and the information provided may not represent real-world 
conditions.
High-Resolution Land Cover Mapping
The third method uses remote sensing technology and high-resolution imagery (aerial or satellite) and elevation 
(LiDAR) datasets to create detailed land cover data. These data are used to categorize a given landscape into 
specific classes, such as tree canopy, other vegetation, impervious surfaces, bare soil, or water. This method 
provides the highest level of detail, with an image resolution of 60 centimeters to 1 meter. 

FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
7
Artificial Intelligence-Driven Assessments 
This is a new innovation in canopy and land cover assessment technology available through PlanIT Geo™. The 
results are similar to high-resolution land cover mapping, but the process is partially automated using the 
power of artificial intelligence and machine learning. What this means is the delivery time for UTC assessments 
can be days instead of months and results can be updated as a subscription every two years, instead of repeating 
the entire process every five to ten years. 
The dataset baseline is 2011, so communities can get a change analysis to see the trends of their urban forest 
from 2011 up to current day. Canopy growth does not happen very quickly in most climates, but canopy loss 
sure can. Having a more frequent change analysis leads to more targeted policies, as you can hone in on trends 
faster, such as certain zoning districts suddenly making up the majority of canopy losses. 
This method represents a major shift in the traditional UTC assessment process, as technological advancements 
and plentiful data sources have made tree canopy analysis accessible for any size community. The story of 
Grand Junction, highlighted at the end of the previous chapter, exemplifies the importance of this shift. The 
tight operating budget of Grand Junction’s forestry department had dissuaded any previous attempts to 
complete a traditional canopy assessment. PlanIT Geo’s subscription model for tree canopy and land cover 
data made the price point manageable and for first time Grand Junction can support their management 
actions and advocate for policy changes with canopy data. 
Geographic Scales
UTC assessments can be calculated using a variety of spatial scales. For example, PlanIT Geo analyzed nine 
distinct geographic boundaries for a UTC Assessment of Colorado Springs, Colorado, including council districts, 
watersheds, land use types, and census blocks. Each scale offers unique insights, such as identifying which 
land use types are seeing the greatest canopy losses, which may point to needed policy changes. 
You can’t just look at the tree canopy alone. The benefit of looking at the scale of census blocks and block 
groups is they can be easily cross referenced with other socioeconomic data. This helps develop maps 
highlighting where disadvantaged populations are most lacking in tree canopy. You can even analyze how 
supportive the natural elements in your city are for public health using new datasets developed by PlanIT Geo 
partner, NatureQuant.

FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
8
WHAT Policies Can Be 
Created From Canopy 
Data
Now that we’ve covered how and why tree canopy data is valuable to city planning efforts, let’s explore what 
type of urban forestry policies can be pursued as a result. A tree canopy assessment can lay the groundwork 
for canopy goal-setting, preservation of the existing urban forest, and implementation of proactive tree care.
Comprehensive plans, municipal codes of ordinances, and master plans are all tools city planners use to 
shape and guide development, preservation, and everything in between. Many city departments are typically 
involved with the day-to-day operations for trees, which can result in confusion over responsibility, authority, 
and maintenance. A UTC assessment helps you orient your city departments and set the stage for citywide 
urban tree canopy goals and a proactive tree maintenance plan. 
PLANNING AND UTC GOALS
As is the case with all citywide planning goals, it takes specific regulations to build toward a canopy cover goal 
over time. After completing a UTC assessment and understanding your baseline data, you can set a goal for 
how much canopy is appropriate to strive for in your city. 
While 40% was once referenced as an ideal citywide canopy goal, the urban forestry industry now recognizes 
there is no “one size fits all” recommendation for cities due to the vast array of climatic, land use, and population 
density conditions. As such, we strongly encourage you to set canopy goals with input from city staff, local 
experts, community members, and elected officials to ensure community buy-in and an integrated approach. 
You can read more on setting canopy goals in our blog: How To Set Effective, Evidence-Based Urban Tree 
Canopy Goals. 
When a UTC goal is decided upon, your city’s comprehensive plan or an urban forest management plan are 
both appropriate places to house this overarching goal. The supporting actions that build toward this canopy 
goal should be included in your municipal code of ordinances and standard operating procedures. For example, 
Fremont, California completed a UTC assessment in 2020 as part of a larger Urban Forest Management Plan 
that includes canopy goals and equity-based prioritization for future canopy investments. The City then 
incorporated references to their canopy coverage within the municipal code chapters for Streets, Sidewalks, 
and Public Property, as well as Planning and Zoning. 
FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
9
ORDINANCES FOR PUBLIC TREES VS. PRIVATE TREES
It’s important to understand how much of the UTC is owned and maintained by the city versus privately 
owned. When UTC data is aggregated by parks, streets and rights-of-way, and city-owned properties, your city 
can discover areas of strength or opportunity within your domain. In many urbanized areas, it is often the tree 
canopy on private property that outweighs the amount on publicly owned land. 
Urban forestry management plans and public tree ordinances are common avenues for your city to provide 
structure for your municipal urban forestry program, set goals and implementation strategies, and designate 
public tree maintenance responsibilities, authority, and processes. Whether your municipality handles street 
tree maintenance or the adjacent property owner does, policies need to be clear and concise for setting the 
trees up for a long, healthy life that will continue to grow the canopy. 
Canopy study trends are continuously revealing that, aside from large-scale nature preserves and parks, tree 
canopy cover is greatest within single-family residential zoning districts. Ordinances protecting trees on private 
land are on the rise, particularly in cities experiencing a lot of growth, development, and redevelopment. These 
codes may include planting requirements, tree removal regulations, and standards for tree maintenance. 
Beyond these ordinances, municipalities have a great opportunity to provide public education and stewardship 
training to help community members care for trees. Care for young and newly planted trees is especially 
important to ensure the trees contribute to the citywide canopy for generations to come. This is an area where 
a nonprofit partnership can be extremely effective. 
EDUCATING THE PUBLIC WITH 
TREESCHARLOTTE
TreesCharlotte is a local nonprofit that has 
been an invaluable community partner for 
Charlotte, North Carolina’s urban forestry 
team. The nonprofit organizes volunteer 
planting events all over the city (43,000 
trees planted or given away so far) and 
educates residents on the importance of 
the canopy and how to preserve trees. 
To support these efforts the city hosts 
the headquarters of TreesCharlotte in 
their Landscape Management office and 
supports their operations with capital, 
planting plans, and technical support.

FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
10
PRESERVING EXISTING URBAN FOREST VS. PROMOTING FUTURE 
URBAN FOREST
Depending on the preservation issues facing your community, you may have specific tree species or ecosystems 
in need of additional protection standards. Establishing guidelines for preserving larger trees can help to retain 
existing canopy. 
You may think preservation of existing urban forest is the main objective of local ordinances, but it’s also 
important to consider trees that will be  planted in the future. As previously explained, land classification 
typically includes both tree canopy, other vegetative cover, and impervious surfaces, among other land cover 
types. The ratio of impervious surfaces to tree canopy can be quite alarming in urbanized areas, resulting in 
large amounts of land throughout the city unable to support tree canopy. Policies limiting impervious surfaces 
can promote future possible planting areas (PPA) for your city. 
In promoting your future urban forest, you can analyze UTC by land use or zoning districts to identify areas for 
improvement in your zoning code. Zoning districts with low UTC but high PPA are prime for investment in tree 
plantings. UTC goals and tree planting requirements can be set at a large scale (citywide or zoning district) or 
they can be site-specific. For example, a citywide goal could be 35% canopy or a maximum impervious area at 
35%.
RENTON’S PATH TO NEW TREE POLICIES
Renton, Washington is a suburb of Seattle 
with a population just over 100,000. 
Their path to updating tree ordinances 
started with a 2018 UTC Assessment, 
which found the citywide canopy cover 
had actually increased slightly from 
2010 to 2017. However, the only land-use 
type with declining canopy cover over 
that span was single-family residential, 
which accounts for 73% of the city’s total 
canopy. The city proposed several tree 
regulation amendments in 2022 to better 
encourage the retention of mature trees, 
including new development incentives to 
preserve high-value trees and ensuring 
tree preservation methods discourage 
future tree removal violations. They are 
supporting these changes with a new 
urban forest management plan which 
includes canopy goals and staffing 
recommendations so they can effectively 
enforce the tree regulations.

FROM CANOPY TO POLICY: HOW TO TURN TREE CANOPY DATA INTO EFFECTIVE TREE POLICY
11
Conclusion
It’s time for every program to start measuring and mitigating the unequal distribution of urban tree canopy 
and all associated benefits that come with it. It starts with understanding your community’s baseline canopy 
coverage, then analyzing that data for the bigger story. Where is your urban forest disappearing?  Where has 
canopy always been lacking? How does possible planting area correlate with rising temperatures or poor 
public health? 
Backed by these insights, your city is ready to look towards the future and start planning policies to make 
sure your urban forestry program is moving in the right direction. This often starts by establishing a canopy 
cover goal, which helps prioritize management actions, motivate the public and officials, and inspire funding 
and stewardship. That goal can be the catalyst to create more tactical policy changes based on what was 
identified in the UTC assessment, such as the need to promote more new plantings or strengthen mature 
tree protections. With canopy data as your guide, your community can enact updates to codes, ordinances, 
and regulations ensuring decisions made today build towards beneficial outcomes for your forest in decades 
to come.  
About PlanIT Geo
Since 2012, PlanIT Geo™ has provided cutting-edge technology and planning services 
globally for urban forestry, parks management, and arboriculture. Our TreePlotter™ 
Software Suite and expert team of GIS specialists and consultants are ready to help 
your community acquire canopy data and turn those insights into customized policy 
recommendations. If you would like to know more about our urban forestry software or 
services, please explore our website and feel free to send us your questions.

2026 TREE CODE UPDATE PROJECT                                                                        
ATTACHMENT 4
RESOURCES LIST
EDMONDS COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CODE (ECDC) CHAPTER 17.130 
Last amended through Ordinances No. 4410, 4426 with minor amendments. Tree 
Related Regulations moved from Title 23 Natural Resources to Title 17 General Zoning 
Regulations. 
BEST PRACTICES/GENERAL RESOURCES 
King County Guide to Developing Effective Tree Regulations1 
https://your.kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648.pdf
Appendix D – King County Jurisdictions Tree Code Summary Table  
https://your.kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppD.pdf 
Urban Forests for Healthier Cities: Policy, Planning, Regulations, and Institutional 
Arrangements. Cities4Forests, 2019. For decision makers, planners, stakeholders on 
policy, planning, regulation topics. https://cities4forests.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/C4F-Urban-Forests-for-Healthier-Cities.pdf 
MRSC (Municipal Research Services Center) links to good examples of Urban Forest 
Management Plans, tree code, statutory references, Growth Management Act 
requirements associated with Comp Plan elements, and tree canopy cover resources. 
https://mrsc.org/explore-topics/environment/resources/urban-forestry 
APA Resource Library (see publications listed by topic). Not all resources are available 
online for free. 
ISA Online Dictionary – concise, publicly accessible definitions that align with industry 
standards. Note: ANSI Standards and ISA Best Management Practices reflect the most 
recent updates but are not available online for free. 
Vibrant Cities Lab – USDA guidance for urban forest management. Its Resource Library 
search engine includes publications, research, case studies, tools, guides, 
organizations on most topics relevant to the tree code update project, such as canopy 
cover.  
Local Ordinances for WA Cities and Counties – best practices on proper 
code/ordinance language by MRSC. https://mrsc.org/getmedia/44e20d0f-a536-473f-
1 The agreed-upon best practices guide for Edmonds Planning Board reference. No resource exists for 
Snohomish County jurisdictions, although county-wide urban growth area policies have been developed.
2026 TREE CODE UPDATE PROJECT                                                                        
ATTACHMENT 4
RESOURCES LIST
baac-bd7504323330/Local-Ordinances-For-Washington-Cities-And-
Counties.pdf?ext=.pdf 
REGULATING TREES: MUNICIPAL COMPARISONS & LEGAL ISSUES
See King County Guide, Appendix D for a comparison of 39 King County jurisdictions’ 
tree code approaches: basic framework, definitions, minimum requirements, etc. 
Analysis of Urban Tree Protections in King County. February 2024. Comparison of local 
jurisdictions tree code development process, lessons learned, some info on legal 
challenges. https://your.kingcounty.gov/dnrp/library/2024/kcr3648/kcr3648AppB.pdf  
Publication on Nollan-Dolan standard (case law affecting local land use regulations) by 
the Housing Affordability Institute. https://www.housingaffordabilityinstitute.org/nollan-
dolan/  
Tree Conservation Ordinances: Land-Use Regulations Go Green. 1993. Christopher 
Duerksen w/ Suzanne Richman. APA, Planning Advisory Service (PAS) Report Number 
446. Chapter 3, Legal Aspects of Tree Conservation: authority, review standards, 
takings, rational nexus, etc. Not in Planning library, can access through APA.
Got Trees? 2006. Chris Duerkensen, Molly Mowery and Michele McGlyn. APA, Zoning 
Practice publication, Issue Number 7. Constitutional issues, case law related to tree 
regulations. Not in Planning library, can access pdf through APA. 
HUMAN HEALTH BENEFITS & URBAN FOREST MANAGEMENT
7 Ways to Encourage Urban Forests in Your City. Planning Magazine, Nov 6, 2025. 
Mary Hammon. https://www.planning.org/planning/2025/nov/7-ways-to-encourage-
urban-forests-in-your-city/ 
University of Washington College of Forestry: Green Cities: Good Health. Online 
compendium of research related to human health benefits of trees/nature in cities.  
https://depts.washington.edu/hhwb/Top_Introduction.html 
Planning for Urban Forest Benefits. Robert Laverne. APA PAS QuickNotes 39 (2-page 
publication) free to APA members (Planning library) 
https://www.planning.org/publications/document/9007636/
Community Trees and Forests: Improving Environmental and Human Well-Being. Dr. 
David Nowak, Elsevier Publishing. To be released May 1, 2026.
Everett Herald article on heat and canopy cover, Aug. 2025 A new online tool could aid 
in local planning to increase tree coverage | HeraldNet.com
2026 TREE CODE UPDATE PROJECT                                                                        
ATTACHMENT 4
RESOURCES LIST
Check: APA Knowledge Center, Research Knowledgebase, category “Tree 
Preservation and the Urban Forest.” Member access through: 
https://www.planning.org/search/?csrfmiddlewaretoken=ET91z2QnEy03mIaqlCP8q3uK
OEWtB8PwJd8iPVyv7CCXkk86RhLg6aOoVebAV3SO&keyword=planning+the+urban+f
orest 
See DNR map showing neighboring jurisdictions’ investments in UF. Urban and 
Community Forestry | Department of Natural Resources 
TREE CANOPY COVER (UTC) 
Excerpt: UTC measures impervious surface vs canopy cover and other land cover. It is 
a relatively easy-to-obtain metric gauging how cities are balancing growth, housing 
needs and development with other community goals, such as climate resiliency, 
environmental quality, livability and private property rights. UTC is a performance 
measure that allows cities to track canopy cover gain/loss over time, trends that may 
correlate to code effectiveness, tree planting programs, incentives, public education, 
etc. 
PlanIT Geo Guide on Canopy Cover to Policy (pdf accessible through PlanIT Geo, 
attached to Jan 28 PB memo).
Planning the Urban Forest: Ecology, Economy, and Community Development. 2009. 
James Schwab, FAICP. American Planning Association. Written from planner’s 
perspective. See p. 120-121 on canopy cover goal as important step in establishing 
ordinance. Planning Principles 1-6, p. 31. Case study: City of Olympia, similar tree 
ordinance to Kirkland. Planning library, free to APA members here: 
https://www.planning.org/publications/report/9026879/ 
Urban Forestry Today - University of Massachusetts Amherst/Extension (research and 
professional development) for publications and webcasts. Note Jan 14, 2026 archived 
webcast on U.S. urbanization and other factors affecting tree cover and benefits. 
Intended for STEM audiences. 
Snohomish County Urban Tree Policies webpage, including resources and canopy 
cover applicable to county UGAs (not applicable to individual cities, unless 
unincorporated. Urban Tree Canopy Policies | Snohomish County, WA - Official Website
Development Practices and Ordinances as Predictors of Canopy Coverage in FL 
Communities. Study on the effects on tree canopy cover from 43 FL cities’ management 
practices and ordinances. Predictors are housing densities and [landmark] trees.  
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/327549477_Development_Practices_and_Ord
inances_as_Predictors_of_Canopy_Coverage_in_Florida_United_States_Communities 
2026 TREE CODE UPDATE PROJECT                                                                        
ATTACHMENT 4
RESOURCES LIST
Bothell Planning Commission Meeting - December 17, 2025 discussion on establishing 
citywide tree canopy cover goal at timestamp 1:38:45, slide 18, and relevant agenda 
materials. Decision outcome: Bothell adopted 46% citywide canopy cover goal by 2045. 
Kenmore City Council meeting discussion re: establishing citywide tree canopy cover 
goal (date? link + agenda materials), presented by consultant Facet. Contact Nina 
Rasmussen. 
 Municipal Canopy Cover Comparisons* (edited table shown in 1/28/26 PB memo)
City Existing Canopy 
Cover
Citywide Tree 
Canopy Goal Target Year
Bellevue 40% 40% 2050
Bothell 44% 46% 2045 (20years)
Edmonds 32% 35% (proposed) 2045 (proposed)
Issaquah 51% 55% 2035
Kenmore 46% 50% 2045
Kirkland 38% 40% 2044
Lake Forest 
Park
50% By zoning 
designation
“30-year maturity 
cycle”
Montlake 
Terrace
32% 38% 2050
Redmond 38% 40% 2050
Renton 32% 33% 2042
Seattle 28% 30% 2037
Spokane 23% 40% 2030
Tacoma 20% 30% 2030
Woodinville 45% 40% N/A
*Data initially compiled by PlanITGeo for Bothell UFMP, fact-checked by staff.
Progress Report 
2026 
Tree Code 
Updates
City Council Study Session
June 10, 2026
Deb Powers, Urban Forest Planner 

Overvie
w
2CITY OF EDMONDS  2026 Tree Code Update
Background 
Planning Board Direction
Supporting Materials
Next Steps 

Why regulate trees? 

Why update the code? 
4
UFMP: Preserve trees with development (2019)
City Council: Address tree removals unrelated to development (2021)
Climate Action Plan (2023), Comprehensive Plan (2024): tree canopy cover goal
Rimmer case (2023-current)
“Big Red” removal (2025)
Interim Landmark Tree Ordinances (2021-2026)

Scoped Objectives
• Establish citywide tree canopy cover goal
• Define landmark trees and determine an appropriate 
regulatory approach
• Slow the loss of tree removals on private property
• Consider code changes for consistency and clarity based 
on policy guidance, best practices, prior analysis and 
stakeholder feedback.  
CITY OF EDMONDS 2026 Tree Code Update 5
Who is involved?
CITY OF EDMONDS 2026 Tree Code Update 6
2023 Feedback 
Public survey
“Community Conversation” workshops (2)
Individual stakeholder group meetings (3)
2026 Focus Group 
FOET, developers, arborists, and environmental advocates
Role: inform Planning Board decisions throughout project
Tree Board
Prior recommendations
Review draft code, provide Planning Board recommendation
Planning Board, City Council, Legal, Planning/Public Works staff, 
consultants (2023). 
Planning 
Board  
Direction:
7CITY OF EDMONDS  2026 Tree Code Update
Code Intent/Purpose
35% citywide tree canopy cover goal by 2045 
Definitions
Including Landmark tree 
 
1
2
Tree removals unrelated to development
Tree removal allowances 
Additional code changes
• Tree retention/replacement with development
• Simplify/clarify code, align with BMPs, etc. 
3
5
Code reorganization 
4
Supporting Materials
CITY OF EDMONDS 2026 Tree Code Update 8

Discussion
Next 
Steps
10CITY OF EDMONDS  Critical Areas Ordinance Update
Planning Board
June 24/Jul 8 (tentative)  – review draft code
July 22 - public hearing, recommendation to Council
Tree Board
July 2 – recommendation to Planning Board 
City Council 
August 4 – review and discuss draft ECDC 17.130
Sept 8 – public hearing
Sept 22 – review, approve changes to the code
Oct 6 – adopt ECDC 17.130 amendments